Disappointment.Upon receiving the goods there were box scratches, screen scratches. I don't want to exchange because I hate waiting.Next time, I'll go buy a mobile phone store.
45W charging is bogus.the phone looks amazing, however, the advertised 45W charging capability is misleading.  only able to achieve 33w max.  (with original samsung 45W charger)
phone is not what it seems.first, the transfer of information from old phone to new phone was unclear as you have to connect to WiFi to do so, except you have to connect to the other phones WiFi. poor instructions there. spent an hour trying to do this until i realized Samsung just doesn't tell you what needs to be done. next, the mail, text messaging, and contacts is kinda confusing. i suppose if you use it long enough you'll get used to it but it really is a terrible system.........it seems each manufacture has a way of making life hard on you. just like us mail, there should be a common way to deliver don't you think? brand a is not better then brand b etc..... i also didnot like the fact that a lot of USB devices are not supported such as microphones and such. great, i can pair an x box controller to it, except i don't use x box or PlayStation. i use pc for gaming. i do use a lot of multi track recording apps though. so if tou like on site recording this aint for you. ok so great, it has a stylus. i can draw and paint which i do in real life. lets face it, this is for people who aspire and not anyone who would take it seriously. good idea though. thing is, now a days most phone manufactures are headed this direction which makes this kinda unnecessary.  i can speak in to most phone and it translates text better. i do like being able to write notes in hand writing and using a pencil, but for the future this just isn't logical or needed considering kids in school don't even need to learn to think anymore if you can grasp the future of education. this phone really doesn't have anything special to offer. its a 1000$ phone just like all the others and does all the same things all everything else on the market. big screen big deal, Cary your laptop if you need a big screen.  do your self a favor, a smaller phone will do everything this does and for less money. dont be a victim of marketing and get the latest greatest bs out ther. you can even get a used phone with a new battery for half the price of this garbage. lat, amazons return and refunds take for ever. once they have your money they send you through hoops and make you wait for any results. this is the second time i have had to deal with a refund like this and the last time i was repeatedly lied to just keep me in check while they took their time. terrible policies and wait times including the automated phone system. redundant questions in an attempt to route your call that just goes to a general customer service rep that asked all the same question all over gain and then goes through a scripted response that left me feeling more or less like a tool and number. nothing personal here, just makes you feel like a robot. thanks for another under par experience amazon. you've ruined my Seattle neighborhood and rent, parking, and food costs have gone through the roof while i struggle to pay for a phone that isn't even worth it.
No bundle.The phone is amazing, but don't buy this with the bundle offer. The battery bundle never came, the box was open and amazon didn't care. Lost 70 bucks.
already open box.It was an open box.The protective stickers already contained dust.I will just keep it. Because product is okay.but I am very upset.
My seal came broken.Not sure if this is a brand new phone.
Small damage found after registration.Great phone, however upon activation there is a small area where the pixels are damaged at the corner of the screen. Went unnoticed until after I got my phone set up at the store, small enough to not deal with not having a phone but large enough to be annoying. Can't return and go without a phone so I'm stuck with this.Update: the bottom half of the screen has now gone all within a few hours. Amazon is shipping a replacement but I now have no phone for 3 days while waiting on it to process.......
Commercial fraud.This version not dual sim but 4G version should come Dual SimWow even samsung Cheating uswhat I can say I am the stupid who left Apple to come to samsung
Don't buy unless you love being locked out and factory resets.I bought this phone a week ago at Best Buy. After spending hours adding four fingerprints, installing apps, etc., it told me it had a firmware update, so I did that. After that, it wouldn't let me access the phone again. It forces you to use your password, and it told me mine was wrong. I knew it wasn't, I have a password system, plus I'd written it down. It doesn't give you the option of using a fingerprint or anything but your password.I then spent two hours on Chat with Samsung because I couldn't call them on the stupid phone. I gave them a detailed description of the problem, yet the doofus kept asking me to repeat information I had already provided. Finally he said he'd switch me to someone who would send me a new phone.After chatting with this person for a while, I discovered that he was in the Promotions Department. Are you kidding me? He then switched me to someone who SAID he was in Tech Support. I learned after a long discussion that he couldn't help me either. He had to gall to tell me that chat support had never heard of this problem.I Googled it and discovered that discussions about this problem that were at least two months old were in THE SAMSUNG COMMUNITY SECTION OF SAMSUNG'S WEBSITE. There it says that they have a "special team" set up for this problem. Someone needs to tell that to the chat support people.Pardon the yelling, but I've been using this phone for a week now, taking pictures, copying things from my old S6 Edge+, finding and installing apps, etc., set it so that it doesn't require authentication when it's at my home, and it has behaved perfectly. I've been on it all day at work, where it has accepted my fingerprint every time.I'm guessing it must have done a firmware update during the 12 minutes it took me to get home from work, because now it's locked again. This time it didn't ask if I wanted to update the firmware first; I would have said "No!" So again I had to switch the SIM card from my new phone to my old phone to call Samsung.Samsung Tech Support told me I could unlock it with findmymobile AGAIN (at least this time it found it; last time Google's Find My Device found it but Samsung's findmymobile did not). I unlocked it there, but it was still locked, both times I tried, and even though the icon on findmymobile went from locked to unlocked the first time and stayed that way.So, now I'm going to transfer everything from my Note 10+ to my computer through findmymobile (if possible), do a factory reset, wipe my data, return the Note 10+ to Best Buy and fight about the $35 restocking fee, and buy a Google Pixel 3XL. I'd just keep the S6 Edge+, but it's dying (hot when charging, losing charge at an excessive rate).
Bad quality.Came defective.
Wrong description.Wrong description the phone is not a dual Sim
Buyer beware.Will NOT work with XFINITY Mobile...huh  unlocked n bands are there  COMCAST sez NOT COMPATIBLE....WHO is the liar????
SELLER UNRESPONSIVE - REQUESTED REPLACEMENT.How long should it take to review a replacement request?  Since I got this phone, the moisture detection alert turned on although it was never immersed in water.  I have used a cold air flow to attempt to dry the port out, and have also completed a factory reset on the phone as suggested on the internet.  This is a new phone.  I have filed a replacement from the seller and it sits in "review with customer service" - I need a dependable phone.  Hopefully they are more responsive to bad reviews.
Not good customer service.So Delay f***** booring
Premium Phone with Worst Amazon &amp; Samsung Customer Service.I have purchased this phone on November 21st 2019, received on November 23rd 2019. start using the device from December 2019 as I was out of town.From Day 1 S Pen is inside the phone, and I hope if it's inside the phone then it's charging (if you don't put the S Pen inside the phone then you will get notification/remainder about S Pen is not in the phone). after couple of days of use I thought let's use S Pen to take picture(one of the key feature) but for the surprise S Pen pop up windows showed battery of S Pen is less than 1% and requesting you to put it back inside the phone. which I did and then later it was showing it will take few minutes to get it ready to use. no matter how long you keep S Pen inside the phone every time it's shows battery of S Pen is less than 1%.At this moment I decided to give a call to Amazon customer service, after explaining the whole situation to agent he insisted to do conference call with Samsung support. now we explain to Samsung support entire issue. the agent from Samsung did some triage over the phone and realize that best thing to do is to send replacement  S Pen. so he open Samsung Care support ticket  which require me to send them proof of purchase receipt which I have provided. now Samsung agent said they opened the ticket and I'll get automated text with tracking detail.After one day of waiting I have received automated text which has link for tracking when I opened the tracking link I have noticed that Samsung declined to send replacement S Pen. I was like why, I purchased the phone from Amazon with 12 month US warranty and now Samsung is not validating the warranty.I called Amazon again about this issue and explain that Amazon selling the product "falsely" Advertised as it says 12 month US warranty but Samsung is not validating it. Amazon simple said we will refund you the money if you send back the device.Now I'm in the situation where neither Amazon nor Samsung is helping for nearly one month old brand new phone.
Samsung note 10+.I have been relient on net 10+ and before on noted.The 10+ is faulty. they know it and tell me when fix is developed they will notify me and fix. I have waited 4 mo.
Amazon preferred? Locked, registered to someone else and had a balance.Ordered this product. When we tried to install the Sim card, they said the product was already registered to another person and locked in a carrier. When I contacted Amazon to find out what was happening, they suggested it be returned right away.It was purchased as new and unlocked, but it was not, apparently. And it was an "Amazon preferred" purchase.So not sure what happened and now I have spent extra time on this phone and have to buy another one. Very strange experience.
Enviaron otro equipo.Devuelto porque enviaron el equipo equivocado
Ps4 controller support broken.Yo Samsung I bought this new phone to get my game up and it cant even do what my 4 year old phone can. You gonna fix this ps4 controller issue? We all reporting the same thing and took the basic troubleshooting steps. What's wrong with you. Might have to refund this one.
Mala compra.El teléfono no llego, me tuvieron esperando demsaido tiempo, fue todo un problema explicar que el el teléfono no llego y me cobraron por los audífonos que supuestamente era un obsequio por comprar el teléfono.
DONT BUY. CHEATER!!!DONT BUY. CHEATER!!!It says dual sim but it is just single sim.Per description:Number of SIM Dual SIM; SIM size Nano SIM (4FF) ; SIM Slot Type SIM 1 + Hybrid (SIM or MicroSD)
It was used and not working correctly.I was going to return but decided to keep it since Amazon didn't honored the same price but now regretting since it was defected.  This is horrible
Would not recommend.This phone was suppose to be a new Samsung Galaxy note 10. When I got it, it had house hold tape holding the box together. I turn the phone on and the screen that came on asked if I want to set the setting to factory settings, a new phone don't ask that! Highly disappointed at Amazon.
I have to send it back!!!  WILL NOT WORK WITH BOOST!!!!Tried to get it started especially after I read up on this from others and it said I could use it with boost just install your sim card. NOT I will probably have to buy a new one instead.
Wrong listing as new. Came used!!!Product did not state used . Paid for new. Second time has happen buying Samsung products. Bought gear frontier s3. First came used with people's phone number.
Item NOT new.USED PHONE, not new. Was missing the S pen. Box sealed with regular tape. Returned
No me llegó el equipo que solicité.Solicité un Note 10 + dual SIM y me llegó con un solo SIM.Que solución me dan, el equipo está Lima Peru.
CAJA DEL CELULAR ABIERTA.LA CAJA DEL CELULAR LLEGO ABIERTO, Y YO COMPRE EL CELULAR NUEVO,  QUE PASO?
May not be unlocked - watch out!I purchased an unlocked phone from Samsung/Amazon Fulfilment and the phone has since been locked/blacklisted by an unknown 3rd party.  After 3 weeks of time consuming phone calls and mailing the device back and forth, Samsung support has no way of fixing this issue. Amazon will not refund because I purchased it more than 30 days ago.  I now have a phone that can't connect to ANY service provider.
No me llego mi celular que pasa?????Nada
Waist of money.Well I think everyone that bought the phone is crazy because who would buy a $900 phone when you can buy stuff that you actually need
Was disappointed...now angry.Gave as gift and was there when he was disappointed thinking it was refurb  since it had been opened...missing packaging like screen and ps wrappers and any doc.  Returned in orig box and paging Dec 26.  No acknowledgment and status says "Waiting for your return..." same as day he shipped it.
Screen scratches super easy.Your screen will get scratched just by the meat force of the wind as u hold ur phone. These galaxy screens are the cheapest poorest worst screens in the history of man. Samsung should be ashamed of themselves for making such a baby soft screen it’s mind blowing. It doesn’t make sense. You suck Samsung
I bought the new note 10 plus as a gift for Samsung so they can keep it.I preordered the note10  plus so i could receive it soon as it was available for shipping. When i received the device it was new looked nice. As i was getting familiar with the device I kept seeing the commercials about the 30 min fast charging. I noticed mine would take over 4 hours to charge from maybe a 10%percent to get back to 100%. After messing with the settings, and knowing that 5G connectivity is around the corner if not already available in certain areas. My device said auto connect to 2g and 3g, with the majority being connected to 2g. (I did not purchase the 5g model) I called Samsung, they had me chat with a representative through text. This device is supposed to come with a 12 month warranty but they acted like I did something and am trying to get over on them. They asked if I'd dropped or exposed the device to water more than a few times during the chat session. Didn't offer any type of repair or exchange.  They walked me through numerous trouble shooting options. (Factory reset) That didn't work so they gave me information to one of their connected repair shops. I took the device in and immediately the gentleman said that sounds like a software issue and here we do the physical things like cracked screen etc. I call Samsung again get passed the chat process finally talk to a real person. This representative was nice, but the same questions about dropping and water exposure. Explained the process I've already been through, finally agrees to get me a shipping label since other options haven't worked. They required me to send charging cable and (my sim card) already explained that i tried numerous sim cards even a different carrier since it's unlocked, (a guy from work let me use his real quick)  same issues. I sent the item, received email updates about the status, like they received it, it's being worked on etc. It was returned with a note explaining what they did to it and that issue was corrected. Immediately I noticed they hadn't addressed the connectivity issue only charging problem. I had to wait for the battery to die down to see how long it took to charge. Remember the commercial said lightning fast 30 min? Well mine still took over 4 hours to fully charge. I received a survey by email asking how did we do. I was honest and was not the best review stated my unhappiness about all the hoops that I have to jump through and after paying over $1200 I still don't have the device with the capabilities I thought I purchased. Received an email with a small apology and said ship it to us once more and we'll replace the device to make it right. I did that and it's been around 3 weeks and iI have no confirmation emails with status updates. I tracked my package through UPS and it was delivered and received.  I finally called and they told me they had received it (two days later than UPS records) No further information since they barely received it. I called again and asked they informed me they have to take it apart to find the problem. I said I was told to send it back to get a replacement. They said no they are going to inspect it for water damage or evidence of dropping, and they are going to repair it if they deem it can not be repaired they will send a replacement. Also they said the connectivity issue was not addressed because I refused to send in my personal sim card. I still have no status updates of any kind no emails nothing. So my advice is not to deal with Samsung directly and to go to your carrier where they exchange them easier and let them deal work Samsung. Im extremely disappointed with Samsung over this ordeal I started with the S5 and have bought galaxy exclusively for my family over the years including tvs and a refrigerator. Now that it was time to upgrade the kids s7 edge and s8 active I let them both go to the dark side and get Iphones. Didn't want to Jane to deal with this issue 2 more times. I was supposed to give my mother my S10e when i got the note 10 plus but not due when that's going to happen so most likely going to use her upgrade to go apple they have a lot better customer service.
This new phone ain't new!!! 😡.This was supposed to be new but upon opening it found scratches on the screen. I can't send it back because then I will have no phone and lose my number. Super pissed off!!! I paid a crazy price and worse I switched from a new unscratched 256 got get this 512 version that is beat up out of the box.
Unlocked phone terrible experience on Verizon, VERY UNHAPPY, a big downgrade from my Note 4! BEWARE.Can us the My Verizon app on this phone, No visual voice mail from Verizon, I though I was getting a upgrade from my Note 4 but VERY UNHAPPY with the way this works on Verizon. If you want all the features Verizon has to offer my understanding is you need to get a Verizon Phone.
Arrived in damaged condition.The phone has scratches. I returned it and waiting for my full refund. Very disappointed.
Phone might be OK but amazon ships unsealed boxes as new.Ordered 2 and both phones’ boxes were unsealed with phones and accessories floating in the shipping box. Other companies such as Samsung and Microsoft ships the boxes sealed from factory making sure that the contents are not tampered and not risk the contents being damaged during shipping.
Received A Used, Scratched Phone - Not New.I also received a used phone like a few other purchasers have. The side sticker was already peeling away and that was the first sign that something wasn't quite right with the phone. When I opened the box the S-Pen was sticking out from its holder and I had to push it back into place - that was the second sign that this was a used phone. Third was the fact there there was a noticeable scratch on the lower part of the screen. You could easily feel it with your fingernail that it was a deep scratch in the screen.
NOT A DUAL SIM MODEL.This Phone is not dual SIM model. This phone have one nano SIM and micro SD card slot in tray. You can not fit second sim card in micro SD card. However under feature and details it says,  dual SIM , but this is not.I m giving single star as I have not used anything on fone and ask for return immidiatelyThanks to Amazon who accepted my return
Not a new phone.Phone was used. Had scratches all over it.
I think I've been 'duked'!! Smh...  :(.Has anyone else who has bought the Note 10 felt the edges of the screen? As if it were replaced and distributed again(basically) refurbished without actually stating is was?
Keep getting sent open box items even though not listed as opened.Ordered one from Samsung sent me one without screen film and scratched screen sent back . Ordered from amazon sent me one no screen film scratch on screen. I give up
Biggest WASTE OF MONEY EVER!AMAZON HAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER! Do not even think about getting this garbage phone!
Be aware.This is a used phone.  Return return return
No headphone jack!No headphone jack
Horrible Fingerprint Reader, and bad bad bad audio through USBC.I got the Note10+ at [boxstore] last week for a really cheap price out the door with a case. Super deal and I was extremely excited to get it. I used to have a note 4. Really missed the s-pen and when I was due to upgrade was the year the of the Note battery issue.Anyway, I really wanted to like the Note 10+. It is blazing fast. Fast doesn't mean usable. The phone had two major flaws for me so it's out. I think I actually could have lived with it if there were only one out of two of the below flaws, but in the end, I've returned it. These flaws may not be present for you, but they are being talked about and I didn't realize it when I purchased.Flaw 1: But that fingerprint reader on the note 10+ is just abysmal. I tried all the "hacks"... multiple finger prints, multiple fingers, etc. Nope. It was 40% reliable or worse. You have to position the finger, looking at the big phone... no real muscle memory to hit it... slide on the glass, and the stupid "press harder", "unrecognized", etc. And when it does finally recognize, it's slooooow compared to my s8+ which is like lightning, 100% reliable every time. I thought maybe I'd wait for a firmware upgrade, but the device has had several, and it's still awful, so IMO it's not getting better. Also Samsung is likely moving away from this technology because it's slow and unreliable, which means they won't invest in optimizing, or they can't. Why did they go to this bad tech? Why didn't they stick with what works?Flaw 2: The use of the USBC for headphones is a terrible experience on the Note 10+. Audio on included ear-buds keeps cutting off after 10 minutes when touching the connection. Which means if it's in your pocket, all the time. If you're working out and it's on a machine that is vibrating, it cuts off, etc. You can read more about my experience I've posted about this issue here. When others chimed in with similar problems I decided OK, this isn't so isolated and likely people just use bluetooth but I'm not going there yet and expect to use what they provided.Other cons I would have been willing to live with:Too big for hands with case: For me, the larger phone and typing, I found was more problematic. My thumbs have to move significantly more distance. Like I said, I would have gotten over this, but just sharing this is pretty huge and I have pretty decently large hands.Voice to text... I don't know if it was a bad mic or what, but my speech to text was much less accurate.No LED status light. i missed it. Samsung should do this in software in the always-on-display. They should code a LED notification. Yes, there is an app in the Google play store. But the way it is implemented it uses more battery (10% a day?) than if Samsung coded into the OS directly.My s8+ just feels "good". The Note felt bad. It might have been the case. It might have been the sharp square corners. It might have been the total width. It might be the smooth curved screen of the s8 that I used to wish were flat. I don't know.Screen shots are hard on the Note 10. The power button moved. It's just not as easy.There is no "discrete checking my phone" with the note 10 +. Everyone will know you're checking your phone.There are some positives which I mentioned above. I really wanted to get back to using the s-pen. Someone told me to get the Note 9. Maybe I will, but I don't know if it is really faster than the s8+. The "other cons" above I would have lived with and eventually gotten used to.Sharing this experience to help others, and I'm sure there are many note 10+ users who are extremely happy. I was not one of them.
WiFi card is bad on these Don't buy.Do not buy this phone there is issues with their WiFi card. It will randomly kick you off your WiFi and it will say "connection blocked". It happens on all networks doesn't matter if it is linksys/netgear to ubiquiti to Cisco to Ruckus happens on every network. I ask my friends who have the same phone and they have same issue. There may be a day it doesn't happen then it will happen 20 times a day. There are forums all over the web complaining about the same thing. If you ask Samsung they deny it and are zero help in resolving it. Besides that it is truly and awesome phone.
Android 10 is Horrible!The phone is decent, *IF* it would function properly. And as far as Samsung's Tech Support- yep, they're equally as disappoint. A $1000 wasted, as I'm a few weeks in, and AT&amp;T blames Samsung- and of course, Samsung says "We're aware of these issues, but there's nothing we can do until a software update comes out." Awesome! So, here's what my $1000 phone gets me: 1. No top speaker. So, if I get an incoming call, I can only answer it on speakerphone. And to make calls, I can only use speakerphone. Bluetooth. Nope, keeps crashing. Certain apps, and websites. Yep, they crash too. A $1000 piece of garbage. Good riddance, Samsung.
Disappointed.Coming from a old LG G6 after owning the Note10 for a month I am really disappointed. Battery life is a joke,(mt Lg battery would take me to the night, but on Note the battery is gone at none with same apps and brightness so low I am ashamed to show it to somebody) fingerprint recognition a joke(takes multiple try and a few seconds), face recognition a joke(only in bright light and takes a second or two). Besides it barely gave me anything more than the G6 but costs 10 times more. Samsung is a scam. I am so sorry I bought this phone.
Samsung sucks again China trash.Samsucks trash phone another 1600 dollar turd.Made in China trash.Just like my s9 junk just more of it
