Disappointment.Upon receiving the goods there were box scratches, screen scratches. I don't want to exchange because I hate waiting.Next time, I'll go buy a mobile phone store.
45W charging is bogus.the phone looks amazing, however, the advertised 45W charging capability is misleading.  only able to achieve 33w max.  (with original samsung 45W charger)
phone is not what it seems.first, the transfer of information from old phone to new phone was unclear as you have to connect to WiFi to do so, except you have to connect to the other phones WiFi. poor instructions there. spent an hour trying to do this until i realized Samsung just doesn't tell you what needs to be done. next, the mail, text messaging, and contacts is kinda confusing. i suppose if you use it long enough you'll get used to it but it really is a terrible system.........it seems each manufacture has a way of making life hard on you. just like us mail, there should be a common way to deliver don't you think? brand a is not better then brand b etc..... i also didnot like the fact that a lot of USB devices are not supported such as microphones and such. great, i can pair an x box controller to it, except i don't use x box or PlayStation. i use pc for gaming. i do use a lot of multi track recording apps though. so if tou like on site recording this aint for you. ok so great, it has a stylus. i can draw and paint which i do in real life. lets face it, this is for people who aspire and not anyone who would take it seriously. good idea though. thing is, now a days most phone manufactures are headed this direction which makes this kinda unnecessary.  i can speak in to most phone and it translates text better. i do like being able to write notes in hand writing and using a pencil, but for the future this just isn't logical or needed considering kids in school don't even need to learn to think anymore if you can grasp the future of education. this phone really doesn't have anything special to offer. its a 1000$ phone just like all the others and does all the same things all everything else on the market. big screen big deal, Cary your laptop if you need a big screen.  do your self a favor, a smaller phone will do everything this does and for less money. dont be a victim of marketing and get the latest greatest bs out ther. you can even get a used phone with a new battery for half the price of this garbage. lat, amazons return and refunds take for ever. once they have your money they send you through hoops and make you wait for any results. this is the second time i have had to deal with a refund like this and the last time i was repeatedly lied to just keep me in check while they took their time. terrible policies and wait times including the automated phone system. redundant questions in an attempt to route your call that just goes to a general customer service rep that asked all the same question all over gain and then goes through a scripted response that left me feeling more or less like a tool and number. nothing personal here, just makes you feel like a robot. thanks for another under par experience amazon. you've ruined my Seattle neighborhood and rent, parking, and food costs have gone through the roof while i struggle to pay for a phone that isn't even worth it.
No bundle.The phone is amazing, but don't buy this with the bundle offer. The battery bundle never came, the box was open and amazon didn't care. Lost 70 bucks.
already open box.It was an open box.The protective stickers already contained dust.I will just keep it. Because product is okay.but I am very upset.
My seal came broken.Not sure if this is a brand new phone.
Small damage found after registration.Great phone, however upon activation there is a small area where the pixels are damaged at the corner of the screen. Went unnoticed until after I got my phone set up at the store, small enough to not deal with not having a phone but large enough to be annoying. Can't return and go without a phone so I'm stuck with this.Update: the bottom half of the screen has now gone all within a few hours. Amazon is shipping a replacement but I now have no phone for 3 days while waiting on it to process.......
Commercial fraud.This version not dual sim but 4G version should come Dual SimWow even samsung Cheating uswhat I can say I am the stupid who left Apple to come to samsung
Don't buy unless you love being locked out and factory resets.I bought this phone a week ago at Best Buy. After spending hours adding four fingerprints, installing apps, etc., it told me it had a firmware update, so I did that. After that, it wouldn't let me access the phone again. It forces you to use your password, and it told me mine was wrong. I knew it wasn't, I have a password system, plus I'd written it down. It doesn't give you the option of using a fingerprint or anything but your password.I then spent two hours on Chat with Samsung because I couldn't call them on the stupid phone. I gave them a detailed description of the problem, yet the doofus kept asking me to repeat information I had already provided. Finally he said he'd switch me to someone who would send me a new phone.After chatting with this person for a while, I discovered that he was in the Promotions Department. Are you kidding me? He then switched me to someone who SAID he was in Tech Support. I learned after a long discussion that he couldn't help me either. He had to gall to tell me that chat support had never heard of this problem.I Googled it and discovered that discussions about this problem that were at least two months old were in THE SAMSUNG COMMUNITY SECTION OF SAMSUNG'S WEBSITE. There it says that they have a "special team" set up for this problem. Someone needs to tell that to the chat support people.Pardon the yelling, but I've been using this phone for a week now, taking pictures, copying things from my old S6 Edge+, finding and installing apps, etc., set it so that it doesn't require authentication when it's at my home, and it has behaved perfectly. I've been on it all day at work, where it has accepted my fingerprint every time.I'm guessing it must have done a firmware update during the 12 minutes it took me to get home from work, because now it's locked again. This time it didn't ask if I wanted to update the firmware first; I would have said "No!" So again I had to switch the SIM card from my new phone to my old phone to call Samsung.Samsung Tech Support told me I could unlock it with findmymobile AGAIN (at least this time it found it; last time Google's Find My Device found it but Samsung's findmymobile did not). I unlocked it there, but it was still locked, both times I tried, and even though the icon on findmymobile went from locked to unlocked the first time and stayed that way.So, now I'm going to transfer everything from my Note 10+ to my computer through findmymobile (if possible), do a factory reset, wipe my data, return the Note 10+ to Best Buy and fight about the $35 restocking fee, and buy a Google Pixel 3XL. I'd just keep the S6 Edge+, but it's dying (hot when charging, losing charge at an excessive rate).
Bad quality.Came defective.
