Very disappointed wasted hours on setup it defective I must return it.The phone was defective out of the box. I had spent hours on setup before I realized.  I contacted Samsung support got a tech that knew less about the phone than I did grrr...hate that wasted my time and still didn't work.  My S pen would not operate the camera.  One of the features I upgraded for from the note 8.  Basic features were fine it's a good phone but I bought it for a camera upgrade.  Just a waste of time I just plan to return..what if the next one has another problem?  Oh the pictures were not much improved.
More cons than Pros.I bet most people are buying this because of the camera and large ram and storage space. I’ve had this phone for a couple weeks... and although it looks sleek and awesome... I find that there are many flaws the more I use it. Here are a few good and bad things I find about the phone... more bad than good I suppose.Cons: the processing speed is not as good as my iPhone 7. There’s a little lag depending on what app you use or open up. One of the game I play on mobile ... mobile legend... I can not play using LTE... I have to connect to WiFi to play... where others games I didn’t have to. I find on the threads that many are having the same issue. I’ve tried everything to fix the problem but to no solution.Graphic and colors on this phone when I play Mobile Legends... is not vivid and crisp like my old iPhone 7. The colors are brighter but not clear and crisp.The s pen had an issue where it didn’t connect, I had to restart my phone for it to work again.Pictures taken looks great at first, but when upload to Instagram or FB, the quality is not there. The pictures look grainy and not crisp. Kind of blurry, but the original picture saved on phone is nice. Same as when I transfer or send them to another phone. What’s the point of taking great pictures of you can’t share the same quality to social media or other devices?Phone takes great picture of scenery but not good with people in the scenery. The colors pop out but it also makes our skin orange looking. I’d say they had a saturated tone. You will have to go back and edit it to look normal and not like a pumpkin.The screen can not display or scroll down to the full page length on some documents. On my google drive excel, I can not view the full page of my document. I can only scroll down. To like 3/5th a page and it doesn’t let me go all the way down to see the whole thing. Same as when I scroll right. Also, the edge curb is nice but sometime I have to try and look at a decimal number on the edge, which doesn’t display or can be seen fully because it won’t let me scroll right to see wholeDocument. This really got me frustrated, I had to use my old phone to look at the document.There is no USB cable. Both ends on the charging cable are same. I can’t even use an external battery to charge the phone.... probably have to buy an adapter to use external battery charger.Pros:There’s a lot more functions compared to iPhone. Though many are not practical and useful in everyday use.Nice sleek design and color.Large ram and storage space with option of added memory card for more storage space.Nice Dolby sound speakers.Lots of tweaks and twerks to make your phone more accessible to apps and widgets you often use. But also needs some time to set it up... if you know how...Over all I would give this phone a 6/10. Samsung got the right idea, but need improvements in picture vivid and crisp look not only color contrast. Also able to upload same quality to other devices and social media. For the hefty price tag, I would expect to have a better experience the more I use it and not just the first impression and then later discover problems after problems. That’s just frustrating. The large rams and storage space is great but processing speed is more important. The more storage you take up.. the more this phone will lag and glitch. All those space and not enough processing power to run it smoothly.
Box was already tampered with and looked like a returned item.Box was already tampered with and looked like a returned item. I need a brand new which is what i paid for. The box seal itself was dirty and broken and phone almost slipped out of the box because of the seal.
Be AWARE!  Missing features!Unlocked phones are not always an advantage.  There are several features disabled on the phone like VIDEO CALLING, that are provided on the regular network phones and there is no way of enabling them.  THIS SHOULD HAVE BEEN  PROMINENTLY indicated on the description.  There is workaround for this but not a clean alternative.  I would have expected to have features that were standard on my 3 year old S7.  If you can live with this shortcoming, it is a nice phone.
works well. but not up to hype.battery life couldvbe better as with most smartphones.not so specal towarrant very high price
Used/damaged.This device came used with a scratch so deep to the screen that you could feel it with your fingers.Update they sent a replacement.
Good phone.  Box is cracked.The phone seems to be working OK but the box was cracked. It seems to have been opened before.My unboxing experience was totally ruined.
Open boxes.The box was open....
Wish I had not have bought it too much money and can't hear on it.I like the phone not happy with I guess it would be the speaker when answering the phone you can't hear who's calling or they can't hear you I have to use the speaker so I'm not happy at all with that
Not worth the money.Switched from a note 9 and really disappointed.Problems I experienced. GPS never knows where it's at. Constantly loses locations, and takes forever to load a route. Cant use the internet and make a phone call at the same time. All the buttons are on one side, when you want to turn the volume down, you turn off the phone.  Had the phone freeze couple times. Never experienced that on my note 9. I think quality went down on this new phone.
Audio is a MESS. Real problems. Needs fixing ASAP!!!Major issues with the audio, I had to purchase a 3rd party usb-c to 3.5mm adapter when I first got this because the official Samsung one was delayed at launch (serious???).If you want to do screen recordings and record your own voice at the same time, wait until they fix this issue. Basically, the mic gain is 2-3x more for the screen recorder than other apps (like Voice Recorder) for some reason, which will hit the noise ceiling easily causing distortion to your audio recording. But that's not the worse part, the big issue is there is a tick/pop sound that comes on intermittently as you start recording past 15 seconds rendering the audio recording unusable. This happens using the phone's internal mic or the included headset, or any other mic.I have contacted Samsung via email and the Members app way back when the phone launched in August but nothing, never even got one reply and the issue persists to this day.For those that aren't aware,  now instead of having a high quality DAC inside the phone, we have to rely on a cheap DAC inside a tiny dongle, so wired audio will NEVER be good as previous generations.In my attempt to get decent audio from this Note, I hooked up a Shure SHA900 DAC/Amp, and this introduces intermittent distortion (can hear the zing in the video)!  Ugg, can't win....USB C audio is just a big big mess, Samsung should avoid it and bring back the 3.5mm jack asap.PLEASE FIX THIS SAMSUNG.It's a real shame because the rest of the phone is great.
Too many bugs.It's not what I was expecting. Hate the curves now that I use it. Everything on it seems off. Battery runs low too quickly, GPS is way off all the time, issues with games constantly. Lemon.
Great phone when it works. Top 4 complaints.I have had this phone for 90 days and have the following issues:1. Sticky volume and power buttons. I have always had it in a case and never touch water or any liquid. This is super annoying since I commute to work and listen to music on a regular basis.2. Fingerprint scanner is subpar to apple. It reads 3/5 times.3. Facial recognition is also subpar to apple. 4/5.4. Some websites and apps aren't configured for this large of a screen (S10+)Other than those complaints, the phone and camera have been good.I hope Samsung can fix these issues...
Regret purchase, despite so many other positive reviews.Had I known that it doesn't support wifi calling on AT&amp;T I would not have purchased it. Also disappointed with the curved screen, Samsung bloatware that can't be removed, unreliable fingerprint reader, delayed software updates (still not on Android 10 in Dec 2019), and no headphone jack. Though all the positives that most of the other reviewers extol are nice, I'm still overall disappointed with this purchase.
This is not a review but...Can't even add an attachment to  a message without searching the internet for instructions!!!the off/on button is poorly designed and placed right below the volume buttons and  so you  inevitably mess up the system volume every time you turn the phone off.overall, it needs lots of improvements
Nope.The finger print reader simply doesn't work. Bought 3 of them for my son, wife, and myself.  Same experience on all.  Sent em back.
NO HEADPHONE JACK!Quite upset. Nowhere does it say that they removed the headphone jack.  I would not have purchased this phone.
Bloatware, Spyware &amp; Shovelware Galore. No 3.mm Jack. FM Radio chip disabled.My employer gave me this phone.  The amount of RAM and available disk space is nice, but I would not recommend the phone for the price.FIrst, it is loaded with bloat and spyware. I used adb shell uninstall to remove close to 100 pieces of bloatware and spyware the phone came with that could not be uninstalled/disabled by default-- including back door software (so they can help you... yeah no thanks) and the ever annoying Bixby. The Samsung app store has a difficult to find auto update feature that you have to turn off to get the phone to stop reinstalling bloatware that you just removed via google play. It also won't stop messing with your permission settings. (BTW, the EULA on the Verizon locked phone states it will cram updates down your throat regardless of if you want them. Might one to check that on the unlocked version). The Package Info app from the playstore is a must to see all the hidden bloat on this phone. Unfortunately, that app also wants intrusive info.Second, the phone doesn't have a standard 3.5mm headphone jack. The 3.5mm jack was not just used for headphones, but also for card readers like Stripe/PayPal Here and as an FM radio antenna.  I use that adapter all the time. Now I have to buy an adapter. Failure to include at least an adapter with a very expensive flagship phone is not really acceptable. So far using an adapter has been more miss than hit and a source of frustration. Even if the adapters available worked on all headunits (they don't), you can't charge the phone and play music at the same time like you could before, so no good on road trips.Third, the phone has a FM receiver chip and some reviews and sites incorrectly report that it supports FM broadcast radio. Well, nope. The chip is disabled-- despite Samsung saying it was no longer going to shut these chips down. Even if they issue a firmware update to enable it-- the 3.5mm headphone wiring doubles as an antenna for these-- and it is missing-- so no radio reception anyway.Really a disappointment and not an update from previous generation phones that had these features. Buy an older gen of this phone to get these missing features back, or buy something else entirely and save some money. My personal phone is a flipphone-- as I got tired of spyphones (probably because as an ex silly-con valley mobile phone dev I got sick of the unethical practices of the entire spyphone industry).
