Very disappointed wasted hours on setup it defective I must return it.The phone was defective out of the box. I had spent hours on setup before I realized.  I contacted Samsung support got a tech that knew less about the phone than I did grrr...hate that wasted my time and still didn't work.  My S pen would not operate the camera.  One of the features I upgraded for from the note 8.  Basic features were fine it's a good phone but I bought it for a camera upgrade.  Just a waste of time I just plan to return..what if the next one has another problem?  Oh the pictures were not much improved.
More cons than Pros.I bet most people are buying this because of the camera and large ram and storage space. I’ve had this phone for a couple weeks... and although it looks sleek and awesome... I find that there are many flaws the more I use it. Here are a few good and bad things I find about the phone... more bad than good I suppose.Cons: the processing speed is not as good as my iPhone 7. There’s a little lag depending on what app you use or open up. One of the game I play on mobile ... mobile legend... I can not play using LTE... I have to connect to WiFi to play... where others games I didn’t have to. I find on the threads that many are having the same issue. I’ve tried everything to fix the problem but to no solution.Graphic and colors on this phone when I play Mobile Legends... is not vivid and crisp like my old iPhone 7. The colors are brighter but not clear and crisp.The s pen had an issue where it didn’t connect, I had to restart my phone for it to work again.Pictures taken looks great at first, but when upload to Instagram or FB, the quality is not there. The pictures look grainy and not crisp. Kind of blurry, but the original picture saved on phone is nice. Same as when I transfer or send them to another phone. What’s the point of taking great pictures of you can’t share the same quality to social media or other devices?Phone takes great picture of scenery but not good with people in the scenery. The colors pop out but it also makes our skin orange looking. I’d say they had a saturated tone. You will have to go back and edit it to look normal and not like a pumpkin.The screen can not display or scroll down to the full page length on some documents. On my google drive excel, I can not view the full page of my document. I can only scroll down. To like 3/5th a page and it doesn’t let me go all the way down to see the whole thing. Same as when I scroll right. Also, the edge curb is nice but sometime I have to try and look at a decimal number on the edge, which doesn’t display or can be seen fully because it won’t let me scroll right to see wholeDocument. This really got me frustrated, I had to use my old phone to look at the document.There is no USB cable. Both ends on the charging cable are same. I can’t even use an external battery to charge the phone.... probably have to buy an adapter to use external battery charger.Pros:There’s a lot more functions compared to iPhone. Though many are not practical and useful in everyday use.Nice sleek design and color.Large ram and storage space with option of added memory card for more storage space.Nice Dolby sound speakers.Lots of tweaks and twerks to make your phone more accessible to apps and widgets you often use. But also needs some time to set it up... if you know how...Over all I would give this phone a 6/10. Samsung got the right idea, but need improvements in picture vivid and crisp look not only color contrast. Also able to upload same quality to other devices and social media. For the hefty price tag, I would expect to have a better experience the more I use it and not just the first impression and then later discover problems after problems. That’s just frustrating. The large rams and storage space is great but processing speed is more important. The more storage you take up.. the more this phone will lag and glitch. All those space and not enough processing power to run it smoothly.
