Before you SWITCH, read:.My review is aimed at those trying to switch from a more bare-bone android experience (or any other phone OS). If you you have  had a samsung phone for a few generation then this may not apply to you.-Samsung is trying to create its own environment, so depending on your situation,  switching may be difficult. I come a nexus 6p (google phone by Huawei, 2015*).  So my android experience was bare bones, and I liked the simplicity of it. Samsung on the other hand wants to trap you with all of own its applications, and while they are good, they are not the best. On top of that, it is not easy to uninstall or disable them (it is doable but you'd need time and above average technical skills to do it). An example of this is their own messaging,  keyboard, e-mail, browser, and assistant application (most essential applications). It'd be nice if they let you disable them, but you are stuck with them (unless you choose to use a PC software or other methods to disable them).-the specs of the phone are impressive, however, you do not get it all. in order to conserve battery the default of the phone is less than the top specs. for example the screen has 3 different setting for its resolution. So if you want the best resolution, you'd have to manually change it at the cost of more battery usage. Also, while using the phone with no apps in the background (aside from system apps and whatever runs behind the curtains), the phone was using an average of 6gb of ram. I am not an expert on this, but I think that that is too much ram being used for not doing anything. In my brain, the 12gb of ram being offered are not really 12gb of ram if the phone needs 6 of them to just run things in the background (again I am not an expert on this lol).-Camera si impressive, but it is definitely based on needs. the phone recommends using 4k 30 fps or video stabilizer wont work as well, I guess that is okay if the phone is placed on a tripod and not carried while videoing?  other than that, I was not all that impressed with the camera(s). My old phone took pictures that were good, this one took pictures were "gooder*" lol.-The pen. I come from a phone that did not have it, so idk, the pen is just there. I haven't really use it. I haven't had the chance to be like, "hold on let me take my pen out so I can write down whatchu saying." I haven't met anyone that does it either lol. Maybe if you are in school (but if you are in school and you can afford this phone, good for you!)?-depending on your carrier, you may or may not be able to use wifi to make/recieve calls or send/receive MMS, so you'd have to use your plan's services and data. This is big deal for me because there are places where I can only get wifi and not service. or there are times where I only want to use wifi.-In conclusion, switching to this phone is a big deal so be prepared for a lot of change if you choose to do it. The phone looks fancy, performs nicely, and is great. But at the end of the day, that is pretty much every phone out there now.
Misleading Description - Says 512GB version is Dual Sim.I wanted a dual-sim version with the biggest possible storage, and the product description says "Number of SIM - Dual-SIM; SIM size - Nano-SIM (4FF) ; SIM Slot Type - SIM 1 + Hybrid (SIM or MicroSD)". This is false and misleading. Especially for a product that is "ship from and sold by amazon". The phone itself is great, but I wanted a dual-sim of it, hence 3 stars.
Disappointed with the deal I got from amazon . Bad packaging.Galaxy note 10 plus is a great phone . I love the phone . But it was not what I expected . I was expecting a made in korea version instead I got a made in vietnam version. Disappointed as I ask the community they got the made in korea version . I bought this phone for 1099 usd when I check the price after 1 week price goes to 899 usd with a free samsung ear buds another disappointment.  Packaging was also not reliable when I hold the package box I could feel the hollow Ness inside no safety bubble wraps may be that's why there was these scratches on the box . Although phone is good but the deal I got was a total loss for me . That's why only 3 stars
Limited bloatware but carriers don't like that.I did not do enough homework before purchasing this. I have terrible cell coverage at my house for all carriers. I'm relegated to relying on Wi-Fi calling to be able to send and receive calls reliably from my house. because this phone is unlocked, my carrier will not support Wi-Fi calling even though they sell the exact phone and you guessed it, if you buy it from them, Wi-Fi calling works. visual voicemail is something I liked, so I was very annoyed to see that you also can't enable that. clearly this is not a problem of the phone, it points to the greed and control of the carrier's out there. if you're like me and must have Wi-Fi calling, then do not purchase an unlocked version of the phone. That said, the note 10 plus is arguably the best phone ever, so fast and so many great features; I love it!
Box was open when it arrived, but great phone.I took points off because the phone essentially arrived as an open box and everything had been knocked out of place inside. That is purely against Amazon for that, not Samsung. Despite this, the phone itself arrived in new condition.As for the Phone itself: Overall 4.5/5Pros-Screen is beautiful and vividPhone is large, but not uncomforable (this is case-by-case as I have large hands)Phone is extremely fast and responsiveBattery life is very good, I don't need to charge my phone before I leave work anymore.S-pen is a great addition and I love taking notes while the screen is off and lockedCons-In-screen fingerprint scanner is not nearly as fast or reliable as the one normally on the backNeither here nor there-Facial recognition can be duped, but I never use it as I prefer fingerprint readers, because I don't want to pick my phone up every time I use it.Overall, I am happy with the phone, but not with Amazon since somehow the sticker came off before or during shipping allowing everything in the box to move around.
Think before you buy.Although you might like the huge screen, its definitely not worth 1000 bucks. There are other phones which are worth a lot less but have better battery life and camera. This was my first samsung galaxy note and it was not as good as i expected it to be.
Pricey.Not what we expected, thought screen would be bigger.
This phone freezes.This phone keeps freezing. My previous one was the galaxy note 8 which was really freezing. I bought the note 10+ because I thought my note 8 was old but the same problem still continues with this new phone.I do ride share and when the phone freezes in the middle of a ride, it really frustrates me.With so much money spent, I feel like I should have tried something els.
Camera(s) subpar.Beware! The camera is pitiful. It's size is great for editing if you like to play around with photos or draw, make notes, (will work great for my husband's concrete business, you can record video while drawing notations [e.g. floorplans/designs])...but if you enjoy using your phone to take extensive photos, avoid this phone. It struggles to capture good detail. My S5 almost did better. Night mode isn't bad, panorama is cool, but I spent 1,300 on the 5G + version &amp; I am highly disappointed in the camera. Taking outdoor photos, it would blur, pixelate, and simply jumble detail throughout the photo...also had a major issue with depth of field in some shots. These I posted are a few of the best shots I got.On a side note, the Aurora color/silver phone is beautiful, ended up with a white because I orginally returned the first one that I thought had a camera defect. It's that bad.UPDATE: I have discovered it's some HEIC software/engineering in the phone ...apparently apple has done this bs for a while! It's supposed to reduce file size while retaining quality...well it doesn't work!! You can say save in RAW/JPEG format, but it still processes smaller than my S5 did (around 2-2.5MB) simply put: poor quality! However, the bones of the camera(s) itself are good...so I'm hoping a different camera app or even a software update is released later on where people can use the camera to it's full potential!!!
Nice phone, but not great.Nice phone, but definitely not great! ... especially for this price! I should have stayed with OnePlus, much better value for the money!!!
Phone has a small crack on screen.I love the phone, but when I received it there is a small crack at top of screen, it's not huge but when you run your nail across it it catches your nail, as much as I paid for this phone it shouldnt have any defects! I am not too happy
Buy directly from Samsung.This brand new phone is not 4G
NO DUAL SIM.No es dual sim!! Especificaciones erroneas
Miserable fingerprint reader, decent phone. Note 9 was questionably better.So let me start with why I upgraded to a Note 10 Plus from my Note 9:  DeX @ 4k, verified with Samsung supported  More ram, for faster performance (not storage, more ram)  Upgrade offer of more than I paid for my Note 9 new  Fast charging improvement is nice, not necessary but niceI was torn until last day to send my Note 9 trade back if I return 10 instead.. looking back I wish I had kept the 9.My fingerprint reader is horrible. I figured I'm just not used to it yet, but after multiple enrollments and trying to get it working well i HATE it. It makes phone much less convenient to use, at least it's a Note so screen off memo helps some.DeX @ 4k: Phone doesn't suppory this.  This was why i didn't go OnePlus 7 Pro, which i had tried.Battery drain seems significantly worse than my Note 9. Maybe its apps, I wont dismiss it could be testing phone more hours than I actually USED my 9.. but seems worse. Charging is fast enough it's a non issue.Roboform doesn't work and I've had done other app issues, I dismiss this mainly offer than roboform password manager. This makes inconvenient to use phone.If you have older phone, or NEED CPU I'd upgrade, otherwise I'd skip this phone. Given it cost me about $400 net I'm not totally unhappy wyth value, but I miss my Note 9 more each day.
Design flaw -pen holder.This device has a design flaw where the pens are following out randomly.  Walked around with the phone for a day and lost the pen without even using.  Samsung will help.  Blames people for the pen.
Pixel density and screen are awful.As a Note user since NOTE 2, with 2 or 3  Galaxy Note's in use at every moment (I use 3 lines, all with Notes, always) here are my thoughts:1) Buying experience and seller 10/10. (I bought a U.S. unlocked note 10+).2) Experience UI 1.5 is a serious downgrade from UI 1.0.3) I replaced a Note 8 with the Note 10+ while I am using 2 Note 9's. The pixel density and color reproduction going from 500+ pixels to 400+ is so obvious, the Note 8 was light years ahead in color. No comparison to the 9. It's night and day. Even my Note 4 of yesteryear had better colors. All in FHD+ BTW. For $1,100 I expected better Samsung. Sad to say, if I did not need the features such as Write On PDF and Hancom Office Editor, and hated the return process to boot, I would have returned the Note 10+ for another Note 9.4) And Samsung, why do you include a 15 watt charger, with extremely fast charging capabilities but you include a 2 feet long cable for $1,100? Are you guys serious? 2 feet are useless!!!! Keep it up and soon you will only be selling series J and series A. Sad to say!!!! Color reproduction and pixelation is simply HORRIBLE!!! FROM A LOYAL NOTE USER.
awful fingerprint reader.as a note user since note 4, i have always count on Note series to be one that has all features and improve up previous generations. this is simply not true for Note 10 +, let alone note 10.start with the positive. the infinity O display is brilliant. i thought i would be bothered by it as a note 9 user, turns out i don't. the cut off is tiny and quickly disappears in my view when watching video. the cut off nicely aligns with the other status display and does not cover any information during regular usage of the phone.  this allows the Note 10+ to pack a 6.8 inch screen in the same size body as note 9 while being a bit slimmer.UFS 3.0 storage is fast.  very fast, iphone fast.the phone came with screen proctor pre applied.now the negative.finger print reader sucked big time.samsung is the about the only company that i know uses under screen ultra sonic finger print reader from qualcomm. all other manufacture uses under screen optical finger print reader.  let's just say Samsung's experience sucked big time.  the reader is unreliability, tiny, poorly indicated and awful. the hardware is at best still in Beta testing, if not alpha testing. this is not the maturity i come to expect out of Samsung product. quite frankly, they should drop this gen 1 product completely and use the tried and true solutions.loss of 3.5 jack. there is no reason not to have the 3.5 mm jack. the jack is useful not just to listen to music, but also used for selfy stickers, micphones and whatnot.  bluetooth headphone, while nice, are still experiencing latency issues.it is a nice phone, but comes with compromises, note series shouldn't compromise.
Should have kept my S9 plus.Samsung took more of my usefull features away than it added . Problem 1: Fingerprint reader is not sensitive enough to handle a screen protector. I used 2 different cheap stick-on protectors, then splurged for dome glass. Still not sensitive enough to work reliably. S9 plus had a dedicated reader in the back, but it always worked. Problem 2: no 3.5 mm headphone jack also means no access to the built in FM receiver. Problem 3: No magnetic charging base possible due to interference with the  s pen. Problem 4: Minor issue, but after powering on and removing the lock screen it once again continues to finishing powering up for few more seconds.
Not dual sim and so-so camera.Bought the phone for dual sim and camera mainly. I travel a lot so dual sim is important. Well, dual sim function is not supported. Phone came with a sim+memory card slot. I ordered a dual sim hybrid card slot from Europe and still it would only recognize one sim.  Camera is not even on par with competitor. Image quality is very so so and lots of noise especially in low light conditions. Don't trust the youtube comparisons.  The screen is beautiful and the pen is nice as usual.
Underwhelmed.For the past two years I've been using the Moto g5... practically the cheapest smartphone I could find. Other than the camera it has been a perfect phone. I upgraded to the note looking forward to finally having a great camera and figuring that at the price point the phone in general would be a super nice upgrade...all in all I am disappointed. It feels way too big (that's on me, I got the +), the keyboard is terrible, it seems to lack a lot of the simple conveniences the g5 had and the camera so far has not been worth the cost--it seems to over correct people and their faces which is especially bad looking if there's any sort of movement (I bought the phone to take pictures of my kids so there is always movement...). Debating sending it back to try a different flagship phone...
Unsure on reliability...Initially the Note worked well other than the fingerprint scanner/recognition.... now the phone freezes up randomly- it will do it on any screen,  not just websites or pages and I have to wait for it to release and become active again.  If it continues I will return.
Ok product, magnificent cameras and worthless fingerprint reader.The in display fingerprint reader is disgustingly bad, the worst I've had ever I think.  Please bring back the physical rear fingerprint scanner!
Missing features available on prior models.It's a shame that Samsung has been removing features that customers had grown to rely on viz.replaceable batterythermometer, hygrometer, pulseox sensor3.5 mm audio socket, micro USB portIt would help if they were aboveboard and let customers know of the deficiencies prior to purchasing the phone and taking  it home and finding out whats missing after it is too late
Great Phone w/ 3 Deal Breaker Issues.I really wanted to love this phone. Great screen, great battery life, very fast and fluid. Samsung did a great job all around. Here are my deal breaker issuesCamera Quality - Terrible. If you have kids and rely on a good OIS or camera in low light, the Note 10 dissapoints. All cameras, all settings. I tried everythig. My 2 year old Pixel 2 XL took better pictures. This was the #1 deal breakerFinger Print Sensor - Not practical not consistent. Misfires a lot. Needs to be combine with face unlock and even the face unlock on this phone is no consistent. Why should i have to spend so much of my time getting into my phone. The native smart lock on android doesn't work on this phone either. All frustraiting.Google Pay - I go t use google pay and 9 out of 10 times, I put my phone on the NFC tag and have to then unlcock it. I tried everything. Apparently if I'm connected to a blue tooth device , like my headset or smart watch....that's why. So I have to turn off blue tooth. All these issues are deal breakers.Hopefully samsung listens and fixes....
Two steps forward, one step back.This is my 4th Samsung.All the replacement are not counted. My original reason was for the largest screen size. The Galaxy 3, Note 4, and Note 8 lacked quality.I was told Apple and Samsung are equally bad in defective phones. With this phone I was told the quality was far superior and instead of two years it might still be good for 5+ years. I have put Ghost Armor screen protectors on a lot of phones and Tablets.Incredible quality 100 %.The 10+ screen protector is garbage and  will be replaced. The bloatware is hideous.For a person who has never played a single video game and no use for Bixby it would seem that I should be allowed to remove anything I desire.The face recognition after all these years should be much better. Attempting to use the phone is hampered with interfering advertising. I was misled and wasted a lot of money on the latest Tablet. You would think it would be mostly comparable with the 10+. There is no point in also bashing the Tablet.Are they worth $2,000 for a year?
iPhone is the best phone!I own an iPhone 11 Pro and I think it is a better and more powerful device compared to Samsung!iPhones are the best phones!
