Before you SWITCH, read:.My review is aimed at those trying to switch from a more bare-bone android experience (or any other phone OS). If you you have  had a samsung phone for a few generation then this may not apply to you.-Samsung is trying to create its own environment, so depending on your situation,  switching may be difficult. I come a nexus 6p (google phone by Huawei, 2015*).  So my android experience was bare bones, and I liked the simplicity of it. Samsung on the other hand wants to trap you with all of own its applications, and while they are good, they are not the best. On top of that, it is not easy to uninstall or disable them (it is doable but you'd need time and above average technical skills to do it). An example of this is their own messaging,  keyboard, e-mail, browser, and assistant application (most essential applications). It'd be nice if they let you disable them, but you are stuck with them (unless you choose to use a PC software or other methods to disable them).-the specs of the phone are impressive, however, you do not get it all. in order to conserve battery the default of the phone is less than the top specs. for example the screen has 3 different setting for its resolution. So if you want the best resolution, you'd have to manually change it at the cost of more battery usage. Also, while using the phone with no apps in the background (aside from system apps and whatever runs behind the curtains), the phone was using an average of 6gb of ram. I am not an expert on this, but I think that that is too much ram being used for not doing anything. In my brain, the 12gb of ram being offered are not really 12gb of ram if the phone needs 6 of them to just run things in the background (again I am not an expert on this lol).-Camera si impressive, but it is definitely based on needs. the phone recommends using 4k 30 fps or video stabilizer wont work as well, I guess that is okay if the phone is placed on a tripod and not carried while videoing?  other than that, I was not all that impressed with the camera(s). My old phone took pictures that were good, this one took pictures were "gooder*" lol.-The pen. I come from a phone that did not have it, so idk, the pen is just there. I haven't really use it. I haven't had the chance to be like, "hold on let me take my pen out so I can write down whatchu saying." I haven't met anyone that does it either lol. Maybe if you are in school (but if you are in school and you can afford this phone, good for you!)?-depending on your carrier, you may or may not be able to use wifi to make/recieve calls or send/receive MMS, so you'd have to use your plan's services and data. This is big deal for me because there are places where I can only get wifi and not service. or there are times where I only want to use wifi.-In conclusion, switching to this phone is a big deal so be prepared for a lot of change if you choose to do it. The phone looks fancy, performs nicely, and is great. But at the end of the day, that is pretty much every phone out there now.
Misleading Description - Says 512GB version is Dual Sim.I wanted a dual-sim version with the biggest possible storage, and the product description says "Number of SIM - Dual-SIM; SIM size - Nano-SIM (4FF) ; SIM Slot Type - SIM 1 + Hybrid (SIM or MicroSD)". This is false and misleading. Especially for a product that is "ship from and sold by amazon". The phone itself is great, but I wanted a dual-sim of it, hence 3 stars.
