Good phone, not great...box had been opened.Slightly concerned as the box had been opened before getting to me. The phone seems to be new from everything I can tell, but that took some of my excitement away...not knowing for sure if someone had handled the phone prior to me. The sticker that is usually on the back of the phone was not present...you could see where it had been. The phone is quite nice, although not sure it's worth 1200 bucks. The camera is not really what the YouTube reviewers say it is...it does a lot of softening to faces...even with beauty mode turned off. Not sure if I'm keeping the phone after all of the above...still deciding.
Good Phone Coming from an S7... Note 10 Plus Charging Issues.Waited a long time for a Samsung phone with a Snapdragon 855 (Yes I know the S10, but coming from an S7 want something different). I don't just buy new phones when they come out, I wait until they are much faster and more efficient. Snapdragon 820 14nm chip, 845=10nm, 855=7nm.Pros: AMOLED, Snapdragon 855, 256-512GB Storage, 12GB Ram (Sorry Apple), Wireless AX (aka wifi6)Cons: Weak Charging Detected on Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 @ 80+ percent and will start to discharge your phone while using apps like Google Maps or YouTube. **I used a type A to C USB 3.0 with 56k resistor for charging. Used different QC 3.0 chargers and cables to make sure it was not the accessories. Your finger has to be exactly were the sensor is to unlock the phone. I would prefer it to unlock wherever I place my finger. No Aux (minor, but still useful in my opinion).FYIIf you want full charging capabilities of this phone you need a Power Delivery 3.0 with PPS and a USB type c to c "e-marker" cable. **Type c to c does not have a 56k resistors, make sure you get a e-marker cable for USB compliant and safety. To future proof get a USB 3.1 type C to C gen 2. This will support 100w charging and transfer speed of 10Gbps. Not any PD 3.0 Charger will do, you NEED a PD 3.0 with PPS that supports charging @ 10v/4.5a = 45 watts. No the Note 10 Plus will not charge @ 15v/3a standard as of 09/17/2019 (currently none on the market except official, waste of money unless you want to charge from 0-100 in ~30-40min). Once you go OLED screen it is difficult to go back to TN or IPS LCDs. Just make sure you don't set your phone to stay idle for a long time before it unlocks because OLEDs can "burn in" similar to plasma tvs. Wireless AX is the new wireless N, better speed and range. AC is speed only, no range.To SamsungI am not sure it is hardware, but if it is software. Please give us a firmware update that allows standard fast charging voltages.
Upgraded from S9+.Upgraded to this phone from Samsung Galaxy S9+. There are some stuff that i like and some other stuff i really hate.Okay here comes the cons; first, the on-screen fingerprint reader, compared to my S9+ fingerprint scanner, the on-screen is trash. Very hard to read and even if i get it to read, it takes more time to unlock than the S9+. Iris scanner is gone, which is quite unfortunate due to the trash on-screen scanner. The other part i dont like is the location of the power button, the power button is now combined with the useless Bixby and located on the left side, right under the volume button. I find it very hard to reach and sometimes get mixed up with the volume button. I'd rather have it on the right side. The aux is now gone too but not as much as a big deal for me, i just hate to see it gone. The battery doesn't last as long as i would like it to be, given i have to charge at least twice a day. Oh and one more thing, the notification light is now gone, there are apps to enable light notification on screen but I'd rather have the led than led rings on my screen cause it might cause burn-in in the long run.Okay now for the pros; the screen size and color is outstanding, bright and very pleasant to the eye. The S pen is great to have but not really a game changer for me. The screen is curved but not as curved as the S9+, which i highly prefer because it is so much easier to put on tempered glass. The sd card slot is still present on the Note 10+ but it was also on the S9+. Speakers are decent, nothing outstanding. Camera is okay-ish with additional wide angle camera. The cut out camera is great than having bezels on top and bottom. The Aura Glow color is Amazing.
Not quite a zero compromise phone.I've had this phone for a little over a month now and I have to say, it's a very nice phone. The screen is bright, the camera is good, and One UI somehow hasn't made me vomit, Bixby is also something you can just completely avoid, there's built in Win10 integration, and the S Pen is just awesome.But the phone isn't perfect. Unfortunately the fingerprint reader isn't the best. It's slow, and often fails to recognize my fingerprint especially if my finger is dry. The lack of a 3.5mm jack hurts, and ruins the "no compromise" feel that the absolute top Samsung phone should have. And their attempt to force Samsung Calendar down my throat was annoying to say the least.All in all, I would recommend this phone if you're willing to sacrifice the 3.5mm jack for the S Pen, but at the same time I really expect a near perfect experience for $1099.99.
Love it but got a bad one?Already contacted Samsung support. Love the phone but when cleaning with micro fiber a part of the back gasket came off. So no water proof in that spot(problem). Seems to be a manufacturer fault. Hopefully it is taken care of. I should return phone for a new one but seeing a recommended Samsung repair tech first.
Amazon is infuriating!The phone is okay so far but it was difficult to get the SIM card holder out.To order the phone I had to sign in three times, each time Amazon required me to retrieve a password from my phone that was barely working!!!!!!!!!!!!I almost cancelled the next order for the same exact problem.I have been buying from Amazon for many years and my original password worked fine for at least ten years.TRY TALKING TO A HUMAN AT AMAZON, YOU WON'T LIVE THAT LONG.I'm looking for alternatives right so commit with suggestions.
Pretty disappointed.I paid $1100 for this and I still got bubble in my screen, I opened up the box and there were like carton pieces on top of the phone and there were fingerprints all over the phone. Also why doesnt the screen protector cover the the entire screen, kinda looked like my screen protector isnt for the note 10+ love the phone so far except for the bubble and how it was packed.
Even Though I love my phone, I am not happy with the battery charging.Update: Phone was replaced by a new one, and it seems as working better and it is charging faster than the previous one. I hope what I got is a great one. I really love the features of this phone.It looks and do what I great phone does, it takes amazing pictures and the technology is amazing. I am learning everyday new things and so far I love my phone.The bad side is it charges so slow so I am not sure if it is the phone issue  or the charger. I don't know what I should do in this case. :(  I would have giving 5 stars but I am not happy with the time charging because it takes forever. As I said I don't know if this is the phone issue or the charger.Update: I removed the screen protector that comes with it as I got my own and surprise! some scratches on the screen.  If I would have seen those before I would have returned it right away.
Good but could be better.The good:-Really nice design and great looking phone-Probably the best hardware on any flagship phone at this time11/2019- fullscreen bezeless- large sturdy screen that's durable and the body is quite resistant to bending for a phone this size- supports adding sd card storage of 1tab sdcards extending the 256gb + 1tb total storage = you'll never have to worry about running out of room for photos and videos on your phone ever again- 4k video, slow motion, and super slow motion-video motion stabilization is really good- snapdragon 855 processor means its fast really fast- nice stylus pen and can act as remote for some phone functions like camera controls- it has a thin film screen protector installed by default- you can set default storage of camera and downloads to sdcard and save your phone storage- Multitasking is very fast and very smooth- wireless charging and wireless power transferThe bad:- The onscreen fingerprint reader sucks, it doesn't work with most screen protectors and even when it does it will fail at least 30% of the time and is exceedingly frustrating if you need to unlock the phone in a jiffy for photos or videos- the facial recognition so fails about that much and if you change your hairstyle or wear glasses and then stop it will not recognize you sometimes.- the facial recognition requires good lighting or it will fail almost 100% of the time in the dark, this means if you're out on the streets or at a festival with minimal lighting it will not recognize your face- it has a thin film screen protector installed by default that could interfere with additional screen protectors unless you remove it,  but you'd have to know there was one in the first place which is not mentioned- the default samsung camera software is inferior n picture taking to even the pixel 3 camera, I installed the google cam and use that instead of the Samsung camera in normal photo situations. The Samsung cam over saturates and loses detail in photos where the google can will capture more realistic results with more details and less photoshopped results that make the photos look almost fake.- The default samsung messaging app is also really bad, it will compress any images and videos to such a degree that it will be totally blurry of you send things over SMS. It will also limit the size you can send beyond what other phones allow. Images you send will be subpar and pixelated. I had to switch to the google messenger downloaded from the play store; it is superior in every way and I can send things over like I was able to on my iPhone; the quality is much better than the compressed mess the Samsung default message app was doing- the navigation swipes are hard to do sometimes due to the size of the screen and the keyboard layouts are not well designed for one handed use even in one handed mode, I had a much better one handed experience on my note4.- this phone is near impossible to operate with just one hand most of the time- the placement of the camera in the top left corner means when you try to take photos in landscape mode your fingers can easily obstruct a portion of the camera and show up in your photos.  They should've kept it like the S10 where it's in the middle of the phone so your fingers would be a lot less likely to get in the way of the camera lense.I haven't owned a note since the note 4, so for me this was a huge improvement in most areas and I was waiting for a fullscreen bezeless phone with an onscreen fingerprint reader so that's why I chose the note 10+ over the pixel 4xl. I also wanted the flagship phone with all the bells and whistles so I chose it over the s10+. I switched from a note to iPhone and being pissed at iPhone's limitations after 5 years, mostly related to storage and random apps disappearing into icloud, I decided I needed to go back to android and was waiting for the right phone.I am overall very satisfied with the phone in the $600-700 price range, but wouldn't get it in the $1000 range due to some big flaws I mentioned above. I'd buy this phone again in this price range because i still it's great and in most ways its superior to the pixel and iPhone, but I think samsung could've done much better on this phone  especially since this is their flagship model. Oh also Bixby is annoying and I turned that off right away. If this was full retail of over $1000 I'd sadly go back to using an iphone or pay $600-700 for a pixel 4xl.
Buy the refurbished. I own both and a IPHONE also.I bought both and the second was a refurbished. I could not tell a difference and paid $680 for the same phone that cost $1100.  Definitely get the refurbished.  Get a warranty still and heck you save big bucks. Unless you got it on Black Friday for $850 with my amazon CC I got another 20% off.  Nice.  I own both the IPHONE and Samsung and use both. Switch SIM cards when needed.  Wish I could have to Sims with same number lol.Reason I got the Samsung was the DEX  and using my TV as the screen. And the android apps I have certain apps that work on Samsung vs IPhone. Watching movies and NFL games on phone then stream to my tv.  Still figuring that out
They should quit bothering with earbuds.Phone is great. Earbuds are pointless because they go quiet in one ear after a few months, same thing happened with my Galaxy Note 9 earbuds. They should just stop including them and stop "updating the firmware" for them.
Was expecting more for the money.I like the phone but I guess i was expecting something more grandiose. Like apps and programs that no other phone had. thus far its just a phone. The Spen is nice when I remember its there. has a nice camera I use the phone for work so pictures come in real handy. I came over to samsung from the essential phone and I must say that I miss the essential phone. it has a newer android os and updates and it didnt cost me a mortgage payment
Una buena Cámara.Muy grande, un poco incómodo manejarlo.
Good phone but just to long.Solid phone but it's just too big.  I have the S10+ and it's a good size but the note 10 is just to big and especially too long/tall..  I would get the thee smaller note 10 but it does not have an sd card slot.
More FREEDOM  !!!Why I could not remove apps that I don't like? I DON'T WANT THAT STUPID BIXBY  !!!Why should it take up valuable space on my phone?
Note10+ has everything I needed so far.All functions work as promised and it should be; so far so good. 512gb + 12gb ram is insane.
very good phone.when i order the samsung  note 10 + they said if i pay with amazon credit card there is extra 20% discount but on the charge i d'not see any discount  please  check  thank you
Ok.its an Ok phone it price too high
Okay.I miss the 9. I liked I better.
Good.Good
Note 10.Great device!
Very good handset.Factory installed screen protector started peeling off after just 2 months of use
Great.Great loved the phone
Just alright.Great design but glitchy fingerprint reader.
Great phone.Best phone I've had.
Love the pen!Like the phone!
Great phone with weak cellular reception.I recently purchased the Galaxy Note 10 Plus and I have to say that the phone is amazing. The overall built quality is excellent, an immersive 6.8 inch display with great battery life, and super loud stereo speakers. The only problem I had with this phone was the cellular reception and how weak it was compared to other phones I have. I know is mostly the carrier’s phone for the overall reception, but compared to my OnePlus 7 Pro the Note 10 Plus doesn’t compete with signal. I believe I had a defective unit because the antennas on the Note 10 Plus cannot be so weak so that’s the reason why I returned it.
From iPhone 7 plus to Samsung note 10.After more than 8 years using iPhone I decide to give it a try, it's been two weeks and so far so good, I thought it would be harder to adapt, I love the huge screen, I love that everything is customizable, the s pen es amazing and writes super smoothly, I'm liking android and I plan to jKeep the device at least for a couple of years, the only thing is a pain in the xxx is the fingerprint reader, at the beginning it took me at least 3 to 4 times to get recognize, now it has getting better and better, still sometimes won't recognize my fingerprint, I recommend this device to anyone looking for high tech productivity phone
Gift.Bought this as a gift for my husband.  I’m not sure how the phone works but he loves it.  It came on time and in good condition
Screen fingerprint reader too slow.I had the Oneplus 7 Pro and the fingerprint reader on screen is faster and more accurate than this Note 10
Battery life not  strong when u use wifi or mobile da.I returned item because of battery and size look like small .I didn't like this phone.
Breaks very easily!Great phone, but in its case (from Samsung) dropped 3 feet onto carpet. It hit the back corner adn shattered the corner and sent cracks across the back glass.The Note 10+ is NOT as sturdy as the Note 8, Defunct Note 7 or Note 3.The Samsung case is worthless for protection. Other cases have corner gaps inside the case so the phone doesn't get all the energy transferred to the corner if it falls. Not so for the Samsung case.If you buy the phone, get a better case than what Samsung sells, and keep in mind you might want an Otterbox case, which is big. And this is a big phone.They smartened up by shipping the phones with a protective film on the front. No bubbles!! But, the film is terrible. It scratched right away. So I need to replace with a nice screen protector from Amazon, and deal with the bubbles.I love the phone otherwise.
