Good phone, not great...box had been opened.Slightly concerned as the box had been opened before getting to me. The phone seems to be new from everything I can tell, but that took some of my excitement away...not knowing for sure if someone had handled the phone prior to me. The sticker that is usually on the back of the phone was not present...you could see where it had been. The phone is quite nice, although not sure it's worth 1200 bucks. The camera is not really what the YouTube reviewers say it is...it does a lot of softening to faces...even with beauty mode turned off. Not sure if I'm keeping the phone after all of the above...still deciding.
Good Phone Coming from an S7... Note 10 Plus Charging Issues.Waited a long time for a Samsung phone with a Snapdragon 855 (Yes I know the S10, but coming from an S7 want something different). I don't just buy new phones when they come out, I wait until they are much faster and more efficient. Snapdragon 820 14nm chip, 845=10nm, 855=7nm.Pros: AMOLED, Snapdragon 855, 256-512GB Storage, 12GB Ram (Sorry Apple), Wireless AX (aka wifi6)Cons: Weak Charging Detected on Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 @ 80+ percent and will start to discharge your phone while using apps like Google Maps or YouTube. **I used a type A to C USB 3.0 with 56k resistor for charging. Used different QC 3.0 chargers and cables to make sure it was not the accessories. Your finger has to be exactly were the sensor is to unlock the phone. I would prefer it to unlock wherever I place my finger. No Aux (minor, but still useful in my opinion).FYIIf you want full charging capabilities of this phone you need a Power Delivery 3.0 with PPS and a USB type c to c "e-marker" cable. **Type c to c does not have a 56k resistors, make sure you get a e-marker cable for USB compliant and safety. To future proof get a USB 3.1 type C to C gen 2. This will support 100w charging and transfer speed of 10Gbps. Not any PD 3.0 Charger will do, you NEED a PD 3.0 with PPS that supports charging @ 10v/4.5a = 45 watts. No the Note 10 Plus will not charge @ 15v/3a standard as of 09/17/2019 (currently none on the market except official, waste of money unless you want to charge from 0-100 in ~30-40min). Once you go OLED screen it is difficult to go back to TN or IPS LCDs. Just make sure you don't set your phone to stay idle for a long time before it unlocks because OLEDs can "burn in" similar to plasma tvs. Wireless AX is the new wireless N, better speed and range. AC is speed only, no range.To SamsungI am not sure it is hardware, but if it is software. Please give us a firmware update that allows standard fast charging voltages.
Upgraded from S9+.Upgraded to this phone from Samsung Galaxy S9+. There are some stuff that i like and some other stuff i really hate.Okay here comes the cons; first, the on-screen fingerprint reader, compared to my S9+ fingerprint scanner, the on-screen is trash. Very hard to read and even if i get it to read, it takes more time to unlock than the S9+. Iris scanner is gone, which is quite unfortunate due to the trash on-screen scanner. The other part i dont like is the location of the power button, the power button is now combined with the useless Bixby and located on the left side, right under the volume button. I find it very hard to reach and sometimes get mixed up with the volume button. I'd rather have it on the right side. The aux is now gone too but not as much as a big deal for me, i just hate to see it gone. The battery doesn't last as long as i would like it to be, given i have to charge at least twice a day. Oh and one more thing, the notification light is now gone, there are apps to enable light notification on screen but I'd rather have the led than led rings on my screen cause it might cause burn-in in the long run.Okay now for the pros; the screen size and color is outstanding, bright and very pleasant to the eye. The S pen is great to have but not really a game changer for me. The screen is curved but not as curved as the S9+, which i highly prefer because it is so much easier to put on tempered glass. The sd card slot is still present on the Note 10+ but it was also on the S9+. Speakers are decent, nothing outstanding. Camera is okay-ish with additional wide angle camera. The cut out camera is great than having bezels on top and bottom. The Aura Glow color is Amazing.
Not quite a zero compromise phone.I've had this phone for a little over a month now and I have to say, it's a very nice phone. The screen is bright, the camera is good, and One UI somehow hasn't made me vomit, Bixby is also something you can just completely avoid, there's built in Win10 integration, and the S Pen is just awesome.But the phone isn't perfect. Unfortunately the fingerprint reader isn't the best. It's slow, and often fails to recognize my fingerprint especially if my finger is dry. The lack of a 3.5mm jack hurts, and ruins the "no compromise" feel that the absolute top Samsung phone should have. And their attempt to force Samsung Calendar down my throat was annoying to say the least.All in all, I would recommend this phone if you're willing to sacrifice the 3.5mm jack for the S Pen, but at the same time I really expect a near perfect experience for $1099.99.
