One of the few phones worth it's crazy price.SMARTPHONE INTROI've been buying the latest and greats smartphones since the early HTC days and have owned just about every significant Samsung smartphone release since then. Every year I will stray over to other manufacturers to see what the big and small players are up to. Most, but not all of the time, I find myself right back to my Samsung phone as the daily driver. Which is usually a Note. Now that Samsung has released another Note series for an increasingly high price, let's see how it does. In particular against my Note 9 that it's replacing.PROS:+ Excellent build quality+ The high-resolution OLED display somehow looks even better than before+ Superfast performance; zero lag+ Much improved speakers that you can *feel*+ The bezels continue to disappear; nearly all-screen+ Core functions, such as phone calls, still work great+ Lots of internal storage + expandable storage+ Generous battery that truely lasts all-day+ Fast wired and wireless charging for those very heavy phone usage days+ The ever-useful stylus continues to evolve+ 3 Camera Lenses for any scenario+ Great picture &amp; video quality with some useful featuresCONS:- Hole punch camera is distracting- The in-screen fingerprint reader takes a few steps back from the physical sensor- RIP headphone jack- Price keeps going upDESIGNCompared to the Galaxy Note 9, the Galaxy Note 10+ feels much more substantial than I expected. It has more heft and somehow even more solid feel to it. In particular with the Samsung OEM cases. Which are also expensive, but continue the high-quality impression of what you are holding in the hand.The left side has the volume up/down and power button. The bottom is USB-C port and stylus holder. The rest of the phone is fairly clean and simple. I prefer power on the right, but it's easy enough to get used to after a few hours. I opted for the white version to mix things up and I like it. It still provides a nice high-end look all while resisting visible fingerprints (and probably scratches) than most darker and shinier colors.Even with a 6.8" display, it's still roughly the same size as the Note 9. There is now simply less bezel. But due to the squared corners, it never feels small. If you aren't already used to large phones, this will take some getting used to. And as manufacturers continue to slowly push the size of phones combined with no more bezels to shrink, this is probably about as large as I expect a mainstream phone to go. Any further and folks are going to have issues.SOFTWARELong ago this used to be Samsung's weakest point. They'd throw lots of half-baked features with no optimization, resulting in lots of lag and bloat. Those days are long gone. Samsung nailed that down with the Galaxy S9/Note 9 series. Except with the Note 10, it's even faster, and smoother. Which I suspect much credit goes toward the Snapdragon 855.I should note that I am a fan of Google's Android Experience. But every time I jump over to a Google phone (or another brand), I immediately start to miss all of the small but very useful features Samsung has built into their phone. The game launcher, scene optimizer, multiple lenses, display quality, high-end specs, etc.And honestly, after easily disabling Bixby, there isn't that much bloat. Disable/Remove a few random apps like Facebook and I'm good to go.PERFORMANCEAs noted above, the performance is absolutely fantastic. Usually while going through initial setup or installing apps, these phones tend to get very laggy. This was probably the only time I saw a hint of lag, but surprisingly minimal. In that, I could easily and quickly perform other tasks while downloading and installing apps, games, music, etc.Each year as performance increases, the need for synthetic benchmarks decrease. I think they still serve a purpose in limited use-cases for a "reliable" baseline. But today, I'm not going to bother. This phone is fast and can do everything you want.DISPLAY &amp; AUDIOThe 6.8" WQHD+ Dynamic AMOLED display combined with some significantly improved speakers are simply the best upgrades from previous phones. Watching high-resolution content on YouTube or Netflix look and sound fantastic. I found myself glued to the screen during my demo session with various clips.Even the icons on the desktop almost pop from the screen. As though they are right there touching your fingers.The speakers finally have some force behind them as well. Allowing you to "feel" the vibrations in your hand. And yes, they are quite loud. With Atmos-enabled they provide a great stereo separation effect.I'll also mention there is an included screen protected. It's very thin but it's quite unobtrusive. I usually remove these. But since it virtually covers the entire screen and provides a smooth swiping experience, I'll leave it for now.And last I'll briefly mention the hole punch as it does have a negative impact with the multimedia experience. Anytime there is a bright scene around that area, my eyes are immediately drawn to it. This needs go away sooner rather than later.CAMERASAs the camera count increases, so too does the usefulness, functionality, and flexibility. The rear now has a 16MB ultra-wide camera, 12MP wide-angle camera (normal), and 12MP telephoto camera. The introduction of wide-angle is super useful and one I use very often. Each camera captures excellent pictures.I told my Pixel 3 and don't have it for comparison today. Are there better cameras available? I'm sure there are. But unless you are really comparing back-to-back, I doubt you'd notice. In particular, if you like to record video. That's one area the Pixel and some other phones don't do as well. The stability and clarity when recording 4K @ 60fp is excellent. Combined with solid audio recording and you've got a great overall camera package.I'm not into selfies, but that 10MP camera is somewhat mandatory these days. It's unfortunate it has resulted in a small but very noticeable hole in the screen. Which as noted above, is absolutely noticeable. In either case, it takes solid pictures as well. No complaints there.FINGERPRINT READERUnfortunately, there is another negative feature change. With the Galaxy Note 9, and virtually every other phone with a physical reader, you can just rest your finger and quickly unlock/wake your phone. With Samsung's implementation of the in-screen reader, you have to press firmly and wait a second for it to register. And if it doesn't read your fingerprint right away, it may be a few seconds or repeated attempts.If the screen is turned on, it does tend to be quicker. But you still need to press firmly and wait longer than in the past. I'm really hoping a software update improves this. Otherwise, I may just go back to the power button and a pin.DEX &amp; "YOUR PHONE"There are a lot of other software features, but I did want to highlight these two as they are unique and stand out for me. I got used to Dex with my last Samsung phone. And there continue to be minor but useful improvements. Dex is surprisingly useful if you want to do some light work. When I'm on-the-go I can easily plug in a USB-C to HDMI cable, Bluetooth keyboard/mouse and have a portable desktop experience. You can also now use a normal USB cable and windows app to access Dex, it's just not ideal for games and multimedia.I've got personal and work e-mail, browser, youtube, office apps, and a range of other tools. I don't need to do video or photo editing on the go. And I found this can meet just about any task I need or want to do while traveling. This is a little more useful on a tablet, but in a different way, as the keyboard is already included. Less to travel with.And then there is the new Your Phone feature. This is a little more "early stage" in development, but still handy. Just plug in a USB cable to any Windows PC and you can mirror what's on your phone. You also have direct access to messages, but the mirror function is nice. You can interact with your phone, on the PC. All while charging it.I'd like to see more dedicated ports into this app. But being able to see and respond to any notification is great. Just don't expect to play games or smoothly stream youtube.THE PHONEThat's right, this is still a phone. And as such, it needs to make phone calls! And other core functions. As I use this for both personal and work, this is a critical but often overlooked feature. While it may feel like more of a check-box item, I've had more than a few phones over the years that still fail in this arena.I'm pleased to report that phone calls and text are excellent. Speakerphone works well. No issues with hearing anybody and vice versa. The radios appear to be good quality. Bluetooth is reliable as well as wi-fi, which is very fast. I'm easily pushing 300-400Mbps up/down with my Google Mesh Wireless network.CONCLUSIONSo how exactly do you justify a $1,100 phone? Honestly, you really don't justify it. At least not in the traditional sense. My Note 9 would have continued to serve me well for another year. But we buy these phones because they're interesting, they entertain us, and they make life a little bit easier. And considering the significant percentage of time many of us spend on these portable gadgets, it starts to make sense that we want to allocate more budget towards them.While it's not perfect (no phone is), I still believe Samsung has enough features, functionality, quality, and performance for me to "justify" the Galaxy Note 10+'s price and keep it as my daily driver for another year. I'll still grab a few more phones that intrigue me between now and the Note 11, but I'd be surprised if they truly replaced this one. If they can, I'd welcome it.
Sorry.My New Note 10+ arrived Tuesday Morning.  Having Owned The Note 1, Note 2, Note 4, Note 7 (for a few hours before it was recalled), and the Note 8, I had more than a few expectations. After 6 days of ownership, i can honestly say every expectation was meet or exceeded. Battery Life unbelievable. Screen excellent. Included software, great. Have used it on both Verizon &amp; AT&amp;T with no problems. Not expecting any problems in Europe in a few weeks, in multiple countries, with 2 more service provider's SIMs  With 512GB built in, and my installed 512GB Micro SD Card, I can carry with me every document, every picture, every video that i want to not only for areas without or high priced Wi-Fi, but also as a secure backup for my small business files. So Why am I sorry?  I am sorry for the external battery sellers - I don't need to carry one with me. Sorry that I have purchased multiple QC3 vehicle chargers. Don't need most of them.  Almost sorry I have 3 tablets, 2 at offices, 1 at home. Have not quite given those up, but they may end up for sale.  Is the phone overpriced? Of course it is, however it is something I use virtually every waking hour.  Extremely pleased with it!
GOOD but not the BEST!!!I'll keep this short, phone is great and all but moving from the Rog phone to this one is super hard, and this is mainly because the refresh rate 120 back to 60 is actually kind of straining on the eyes now ( eyes are kind of sensitive). Besides this everything else is great, oh and if you don't like the hole punch in the middle because of video watching there is like this semi full screen mode that just black bars the side and it's great, but 60hz on a $1200 phone hurts the soul.
The fancy of phones.The Note 10+ is like that one popular kid everyone knows at school. It has many cool features, no headphone jack, but it just had the best looks. Buy the Note 10+, iPhones are overpriced.
Best Phone Out There Hands Down.I purchased this phone because my old Galaxy S7 finally bit the dust.  I have in fact purchased phones for my parents the Note 8 and Note 9 and I have seen how impressive they were and how well they performed.This one is a de facto evolution to those phones.  It takes awesome pictures, it is buttery smooth in terms of speed, the pen features improved (however, it is smaller).  Everyone is jealous because of the screen size and capabilities.The only downside to the phone is the fact it is north of $1000 pushing towards the $1500 once you get the 512 GB Storage, the 512GB SD Card, Insurance and an OtterBox Defender!As a consolation prize, Amazon was cool to throw in one of those nifty 2nd Gen Echo Plus that was tied into it as a promotion.  Nobody came close as a promo item.
Beautiful phone!This phone is great! Very beautiful. The shipping was fast except i had to bug down DHL cause they keep delaying custom and wont notify or tell you why. No scratches or glitches that I can see so far. Came with plastic screen protector, definitely need to get a case. Pretty happy :)
Android 10 update is out as of 12/31/2019 Happy New Year!12/31/2019 - well the wait if finally over. the update to android 10 happened nearly a month sooner than scheduled. nice to see Samsung is rolling out OS and security updates sooner and more frequently than in the past! Android 10 brings some nice changes to the handset.12/21/2019 Update - i have only had this for three months now and feel i did make the right decision on getting this model. it enables me to do so much more than any phone i have had before. my hope that i would be able to use this phone in place of my pc for many tasks has worked out better than i'd hoped for. the time i spend working on the computer has easily dropped by half. this really is a great phone in so many respects.Before purchasing this phone the first thing I did was read through and watch a number of reviews for this phone from tech sources, zines, etc. Due to the cost of this item I did a lot more research going into it than I would for most other purchases. I wanted a phone that was well made, would last, could link up easily with my pc or even take its place for many functions especially camera and video. I got all this and more out of this phone! No wonder it is referred to as the 'swiss army knife' for smart phones. Should also note i wasn't surprised to see that every online review of the top android phones for the year had this phone rated #1.Design is fantastic! It looks even better in hand than in photos. Consequently there is no mistaking this phone for others. The screen has lightly slopped or curved edges which complete the near bezel-less design. It is as close to an all display screen phone as I could find. The structure is solid aluminum with no flex whatsoever. Gorilla glass all around and water resistant beyond what most phones are. This can supposedly be submerged in feet of water for many minutes without issue. Overall quality is as good as I expected. It is as close to a perfectly designed phone as I could find at this time.The screen is the largest you can get currently in the U.S. It is large enough for someone like myself with vision problems to see clearly, but not so big as to feel over-sized. See my attached photo of different phones side by side. The resolution and colors are jaw dropping good. I can see details in google earth on my phone zoomed in that I cannot see even when using my pc on a 65” 4K screen. That degree of improvement really surprised me. You can adjust the screen resolution from 1080P to 4K UHD+. When researching this phone I saw several ding the phone for having a 60Hz refresh rate and not higher? While higher refresh rates can be nice for gaming otherwise I am very happy with how snappy the screen is to respond as is. All in all I love every aspect of the display.The camera is arguable the best you can get when combined with the stock photo and video editing apps. Be it wide, telephoto, you name it this phone has it. The weakest area here is night photography. Currently there are a couple other flagship phones that do night shots better. That said when it comes to daytime shots those others don’t fare nearly so well. There is so much you can do, customize when it comes to taking photos and vids that words just fail. None of that matters if you don’t have enough space to store your media. With this I have no worries with the base 256GB of storage coupled with an SD card I have 758GB currently on my phone!They killed off the headphone jack! Yep it’s gone on the note10+ but not the note10? Lots of excuses as to why but real reason is they want you to buy their Samsung buds. I tried a generic brand dongle for my wired earbuds and it failed miserably. I then tried the Samsung version and got very good audio quality. IMHO that absolutely should’ve been included with the phone. Currently I’m using both my Bose QC20’s which are wired and a pair of wireless Amazon buds. They both sound excellent, no complaints whatsoever for audio quality. I still want the audio jack back though.Battery life and charging are the best I have ever had. Comes with a 28 watt charger that will take me from 80-100% in about 11 minutes. Even after a hard day’s use I have yet to dip below 50%. From my research it states and others have confirmed a 0-100% charge time of one hour. Unless you travel a lot, live in airports I don’t see the need for the $50 optional charger that won't do much more IMHO. The battery is the largest capacity I could get in a phone here and was also a factor in my purchase. It has never once gotten hot to the touch. Only a couple times has it gotten slightly warm and that was when I had it charging while using as a video monitor at the same time. It has the fastest wireless charging rate of any Samsung phone at 15W. The smaller note10 is 10W and the smaller of the Galaxy Note series is 5W for comparison. You can also do reverse charging, one of two currently made phones that can do that. Keep in mind doing so you get a slow charge but it works if ever needed.You get an 855 processor, vapor chamber cooling, base 256 GB of memory and 8 GB of ram. You also have expandable storage making it a true storage monster. As said great for anyone taking photos or vids. With all that underneath the hood you can truly multitask. Open as many apps as you want, I’ve never slowed it down one bit. It has enough horses to work easily with its system to connect to pc’s. There you can use your phone through your pc. You can grab and drag pics or files from one to another. All my office apps work on it. I should make some mention of the S Pen. It is great for doing any work on the phone. It enables precise work. Be it photo editing or just clicking on a box on a website, it absolutely improves the entire experience. You can do other things with but my take those are kind of gimmicky.The software, apps are very impressive. Coming off a near stock android experience it took me a bit to get comfortable with OneUI 1.0 meshed with android 9 but now I love it. I have already had several updates with OneUI 1.5 now on my phone. Android 10 has already gone out to some with the rest of us by years end. But back to the custom software, there are so many many things and ways to customize this phone to fit your specific wants and needs I cannot say enough good. Things like being able to set a safe location so your phone doesn’t lock at home. Similarly set it up so it’s safe when connected to a Bluetooth device, for me I set our vehicles as that so they don’t lock inside. My favorite of all is the Edge lighting. That takes the place of the old flashing LED notification light. Edge lighting is what you want from it. Set which apps you want to use with it besides calls. Get a text message the led show is on or not you customize it all. Colors, how it displays, where, how long, how wide. It not only looks amazing but it is much more visible than just one lonely LED light. You can even minimize it to just go around the camera punch hole. Security via pin, pic or sonar sensor. Samsung pay which unlike google pay will work on old stripe type machines. So you can use the Samsung pay feature in spots you’d never think you could. Seriously there are so many ways to customize the software I am still learning new things even now.Things I didn’t like, no 3.5mm audio jack made worse by no included dongle. The phone is beautiful to look at but the thing is slippery as all get out to hold onto thanks to being all glass. I put a case on the back immediately for just that reason. I don’t like having Samsung pay on the bottom to activate with a swipe up. Problem is if you have gestures enabled half the time instead of going to your home screen, especially if locked, you end up opening the pay app instead. S Pen gimmicks to me are a waste. My edge lighting didn’t work at first. I ended up having to get the edge lighting fix and edge lighting plus from the galaxy store (free). Point being it should have worked straight out of the box but minor gripe. They put a screensaver on at the factory, unlike any phone I’ve had before, and didn’t mention anywhere in the docs or packaging it was there. So I thought it was just another piece of the many protective clear plastic stickies you remove when unboxing, it wasn’t. They fixed that self-inflicted issue on the Samsung fold but not with the Note10+?Minor gripes aside this is the best, most capable phone I’ve ever owned. It is one of the rare phones out that truly allows you to supplement many things before you could only do on a PC. The extra screen size is not wasted. I don’t notice the camera cutout and that extra size makes it much easier to use with my poor vision. This phone is one I really can do work on without difficulty. I love the screen, the look, the hardware, the imaging setup.I would recommend this phone to anyone at this time based on my personal experience with it even at this price point. It does so much and is built so well. I fully expect it to stand up to the test of time.**FYI - The Note line is merging with the Galaxy S series to be formally announced 2/2020 along with a massive bump in the camera sensor size.
Great phone.I absolutely love this device. As a power user gives me more than enough RAM, storage, and processing power. I've always thought that most smartphones are far overpriced when compared to the cost of production. It's due to the amount of money that is spent on advertising that inflates the cost. That's my only real complaint. There are a lot of hidden features that come in extremely handy. If you get this phone, take your time and go through the settings and enable the features that are best for you.
A great Phone at Black Friday Savings.I purchased this phone after reading/watching many.. many reviews on You Tube and the Internet.  I chose this phone for several reasons.  One, it came with great Memory right out of the box.  Two, no lag (very speedy between apps),  Three, the stylus is Great!!  I love to write notes and having extra features built into the stylus is just a bonus.  Finally the Screen itself is just stunning.  Pictures and movies are amazing on this display.  It's large... but not to large.  Even with the Phone protector (a Defender Otter Box)  on its really not that big and fits into my pockets easy.  I purchased additional memory for the already ample amount of memory that was on the phone already.  I just wanted to keep my books and movies separate.The primary reason why I got this phone is to replace my old LG Stylo 2.  This was a large phone as well with a stylus.  It had only 16GB of memory.  I had this phone for several years and it still works fairly well.  However, the battery was giving out on it and the memory was less than adequate.  These were the primary reasons to upgrade.  When I researched this phone I wanted one that would last several years again and have the memory and speed to keep up with future apps and software updates.  The Note 10 Plus just fit the bill.
A great phone that will get better with updates.I normally don’t buy flagship phones upon release but decided to get the Note because I have never had the Samsung Note line but can use it’s features.First great thing is the S pen I had no problem figuring out how to use this and now wondering how I ever lived without it.I much prefer using the pen to go though apps and I am actually the type of person who like to scratch out notes on a piece of paper.I just think it stimulates the thinking process,and the pen is great.As far as no headphone jack ,I been wireless for so long now a cord just gets in the way and won’t miss it at all.  Android 9 and Samsung UI 1.5 are fine but the new update (whenever it comes ) makes this phone probably the best android you can buy.The photo proximity feature is really cool and useful for doing projects,and the new update will finally get a worthy screen capture of recordings.Something needed on the Samsung line ,along with other improvements.I paired my phone with a Gear S3 watch and this is probably the first time Samsung has not abandoned an older product.I much prefer the Samsung in style looks and notifications along with exercise and paying are really my main watch things.The battery is excellent,the screen is amazing I don’t even notice the little hole.Both fingerprint and facial recognition have worked well with me.  Super happy with this phone and would recommend it as a work or personal phone to anyone in Android/Samsung universe.The smart switch from my S8+ worked very well.And it isn’t too big still fits in a pocket on a front shirt or in the pockets of my travel bags.
Best phone on the market!My favorite feature is the MST technology in Samsung Pay. It makes Samsung Pay work at locations that Tap to Pay normally wouldn't work. Everytime I use it, it blows people's minds.
Love it.So far I love this phone. It's so pretty and it's super smooth to use. I mostly brouse the internet and stream movies. I'm upgrading from the Samsung Galaxy 9 and I'm glad I did. I can easily navigate presentations for my business. The camera is fantastic. I'm still playing around but I'd definitely recommend this phone. Also, I had no trouble turning it on with Metro by T-Mobile. I love a good phone but this company definitely gives the best value for multiple lines!
Happy, definitely recommend.So happy, handles great. Lots of storage. Graphics fabulous!
Temp plastic film over display is so inconspicuous you might want to not remove at all.2 sim will NOT work even w  2 sim tray upgrade. ( a 5 dollar part)I did not think it was worth switching based on in store comparrison to my 9.It is def worth it after you use it a day.Super slow motion video only records like a second of video.  Amazing nite mode!  Wish they would include ir blaster and removable battery like note 4.  The curved screen is way less annoying than note 5All in all well worth the price.  It seems to work w verizon sprint tmobile att and their resellers like  cricket boost etc etc.  I ll let u know in a week if any problems.  It will not do 5G but i figure it will have good trade in value when 5g price drops this spring.
Nice phone, but not perfect.I upgraded from a Note 4 plus.  What a difference! I've been living the speed of the processor and it's got great memory space! The only thing I don't like so far it's the swype doesn't pick up the words I'm trying to type more often than my old phone.  I live the big colorful screen.  I haven't figured it all out yet.  I'll have to tell you more later... but so far I'm very happy.  Oh... one thing I do dislike is that there is not a normal hole for the headset.  The place you charge the phone its the same place you have to plug in the headset.  I found an adapter though that I've ordered,  but what do you do if the battery is low too? I think this is a design flaw.  However,  the battery life is good right now.  It lasts all day and I listen to audio books all day on this.  Also,  you can't easily open this phone and take out the battery.  So... if you are used to pulling the battery out to do a hard reset,  then you are out of luck! Also,  if your battery starts going bad,  then you are up a creek! So... you win some and you lose some.
Liked this more than anything.Bought it through amazon bundle offer.  We loved the phone very much. We were using samsung galaxy s9+ before and face recognition is really quick on this when compared to galaxy s9+. Camera really gives us the best quality pictures. Will recommend this as best offer that which they are providing and also best experience can be gained from this Note version.
Get some....Like many of the others who like this phone we can't say enough about it either.One note about it would be the importance of getting all the Samsung App updates, Play store updates and then finally the 2 major updates for the Android system, and the final updated to the 1st.The features are by far to many to list here, that make the Apple I phone look like crap...Everything came in the box and it is a brand new phone. We use TelTik for all our business T-Mobile accounts so you might want to give them a look, as the rates are the best in the USA. You must at least have a business license to get those great rates however.Lastly it is highly recommended to leave the factory glass protective cover on until you "MUST" replace it, and protect your new Samsung Note 10 Plus "gem" with an Otter box case cover also available on amazon and elsewhere...The phone is unlocked and it just a joy to use here at work and home!Otter box... It's pure protection so get some!
IMEI doesn't work in every country!Samsung Galaxy Note 10+ (unlock-phone) is definitely a perfect smart phone, I purchased it; but I had to return it since US Product Phones - such as this Note 10+ - will not work in Indonesia due to IMEI restriction and registration to the Office of Ministry of Communication and Information Technology Indonesia.  So SAMSUNG, I am sorry for returning this US Product phone.If you guys try to purchase US product phones, please be aware that not every phone will work in every country, unless you keep SIM Card of your US provider with it and better to check it out with local provider prior to your International departure. Just an advise!
If your looking for an upgrade, get this phone.There is really only one negative thing that I have to say about this phone.The finger print reader is good, but it isn't perfect,  sometimes it is slow. Use the face reader ifbit REALLY bothers, its MUCH FASTER!After this it is only positive!1. The phone never lags, ever! Even when under high stress (having dual split screen + app pop ups! Though some may never use this feature, it is highly practical!2. The display, oh my the display. Samsung usually has the biggest and brightest display of the entire phone industry and this device is King of 2019 displays. When watching videos to viewing photos, this phone's display is gorgeous!3. All of Android One UI secret features and customization - The Note 10+ is brilliant when it comes to Customization and building your phone to your preferences.  If you can imagine something,  you can probably customize it. Ive gone through customizing certain things about my phone several times throughout the past 4 months of having it, and IM STILL finding new things to change! For example, recently I wanted to change the shape of my apps on my homescreen and I found that I could by turning on the Devleoper Options. Its really spectacular what this phone can do.4. Battery life - what's to say that hasn't already been said? The battery, even under full blast "high performance" mode will last you all day.Pretty much it comes down to this:Have a phone thats 2+ generations older than the 10 series? Get this phone. Want to go from a Galaxy s9 to the note10+? Get this phone. Want to switch from iPhone to Android for more customization... GET... THIS... PHONE!I havent even discussed the s-pen yet which is the whole appeal of the note series, but it is fantastic!
Pleasantly surprised.I bought this a little sceptical. I'm a die hard Huawei fan. Just wanted to give this Samsung a trial. I'm not disappointed. Battery outlasts my Huawei Mate 20x5g,which is pleasant surprise. Given what people complain about in Samsungs. I enjoy the pen remote operation of the camera for group selfies. Facial recognition works fine, even in low light.-Beats Huawei in this as well. My only complaint is the email app in Samsung is not my taste. I give to my Huawei.
My Dad loves it!My Dad loves it already and he has yet to activate it! Good first impression to him considering he had an iPhone 6s before I got him this phone. If it turns out to be defective I'll be sure to change this review, but until then: nice phone Samsung; well done!
Great phone, great deal. Love it.I'm not sure where the poor reviews came from for purchasing this phone. The phone is stellar. It's fast, lots of storage, great camera, huge beautiful display. I received it without a single scratch or torn packaging. I move everything from my Note 8 in about an hour via smart switch sitting in my living room. No problems like some of the reviews I have read on this phone. Totally happy and it was a great deal.
Absolutely beautiful , easy working, essential  piece of  machinery.I ordered this phone as I wanted something  5 G capable, not sure if that fact is possible, as it does not state that anywhere.  However it is a beautiful piece. I cannot rate face or fingerprint capabilities as I  do not have fingerprints.  And facial is not for me.  Battery is amazing, I have been able to use the phone all day  doing many functions and the lowest the battery ever got was 67%.  Beautiful piece.
I AM IN THE FUTURE!I... am amazed. I don't know what else I could possibly say. As someone that's been exclusively using LG's Stylo line for the past 5 years I might as well be in the year 3006 😂 I love this phone!
Wow.This thing will change your life. For better or worse, the choice is yours.
la batería cumple con lo prometido.exelente producto con todos sus valores agregados que ningún otro smartphone te incluye y al mismo precio que otros gama alta. la fluides del equipo es lo mejor junto con su autonomía, la gran pantalla es exelente
Best smartphone on the market.This one is the best smartphone out there right now.
Another winner!I've had a Note 5, 8, and now this Note 10 -- and it's simply the best device out there. I don't like the fingerprint reader at all, but the cameras are awesome!
ITS A NICE PHONE WISH IT WERE CHEAPER  BUT GREAT PHONE.Love the phone love this phone great pictures
Best Samsung phone I've owned.I upgraded from a Note 8, I don't regret at all. The battery last the whole day. Some night before I go to bed the phone is still at 40%. The camera is amazing.
Amazing phone!Works very nicely, good smooth transition of apps and data. Came well packaged and looked to be handled carefully witch is always a plus when buying tech especially expensive tech! The camera is beautiful and the stylus works great! Loving this phone and I've only had it for 2 hours! Cant wait to use this phone for the next 2 years lol.
Big things happen with Samsung.Just perfect
What's not to like?I love the phone. The look, the feel. It's awesome. Sound is amazing and speed is great. I will enjoy it for a year until next Black Friday. I got it for 900 with free Galaxy buds.
Great phone.Phone  note 10+ was on perfect condition when it arrived. I have had no problems with it and am happy I purchased from here.
Muy buena inversión.Me encanta, muy fácil de usar, la cámara sensacional, todo el teléfono está buenisimo.
Excellent phone .!!I had checked this phone before and it's an excellent phone ,I like everything about this phone.I have been a Samsung user but before this phone I had the one6 plus and it's a great phone but I decided to go back to what I like the most.
Recomiendo la compra desde amazon.Muy buen celular, original de Samsung llegó en buen estado sellado gracias
Fantastic phone.Absolutely love it. Just wish I had preordered it from Verizon instead. Gave me quite the run around on delivery.
Love the Galaxy 10 Note plus!Love it!  And, since the phone is unlocked, we have the option to go to any Cellular provider of our choosing.  The Sim card was free from our Cellulr provider and we did not have to change our plan. The phone is awesome! I Love being able to use the pen to snap a picture remotely.
Overpriced.Great phone. Love the Note 10+ because of the stylus.  Won't buy anything but the Samsung Nore phones.
A work of art almost perfect 9.5 out of 10. Get pearl white.Best phone yet!Perfect size.  Battery is great for normal use with 18hour day. If you game daily or you use it for productivity sessions, you will want a larger battery or keep the blazing fast charger handy.Incredible camera,especially  at night.Impressed with s-pen, but I don't use it.Live screen colors and clarity.Samsung software continues to improve, reaching apple like intuitive news with Android flexibility.
You won't regret buying this unlocked by Samsung phone.Awesome phone, definitely worth the money. No third party proprietary junk in there from mobile carriers ie. Sprint/at&amp;t/ Verizon... just good old Android OS
Great product.Fantastic phone arrived undamaged with box In perfect condition. Only concern was amazon delivered it a day early when I requested a certain day on purpose because I'd be home and instead it sat in the rain for an hour.
Beautiful screen, not too big.It's fully unlocked, has a beautiful screen and response time is great. I watched a few videos on customizing to my liking and I love the phone. I bought the max space so it's almost as nice as a laptop. Even nicer since it goes everywhere with me.
Working good so far.I have not used the face recognition or finger print reader. The phone works great so far though. I have metro pcs by team mobile and had no problem activating it.
Fast and Smooth.I love my Samsung Galaxy Note 10 bought December 2019.  Battery lasts long enough for regular use, the charger charges it very fast.  Mine is 256 Memory and I cannot complain.Facial recognition is fast and convenient for someone who does not like passwords.  I have not done the fingerprint on it so I cannot say anything about it.  It takes the nicest pictures.  Also, it does software updates regularly.
Best android phone overall.Well i can only say its a great phone compared with my old one "oneplus6t"Best features so far:Wireless chargeCameraNight modeSuper slow motion
A machine that aids human productivity.The best smartphone available in the world today.
The perfect phone.I didn't have any big expectations but it's amazing, from the full display, storage, performance, features and so on. Of course it's extremely pricey, but if you're looking for a phone to last you a very long time. I really consider this one.
Love this phone!This phone is the best phone I've ever had. The battery life is amazing, the pictures are phenomenal and I couldn't be happier. It is heavier than I'm used to, usually cant use one handed. That's my only complaint:)
Samsung note 10 +.I recived my cellphone in good state. 0 damages and i got all what i paid for it, and good times to deliver packages, im very happy =)
Stunning Phone.Got it for my brother for Christmas. It's an absolutely amazing phone and it works extremely well, charges insanely fast, amongst other things. It is a bit of a shame they removed the headphone Jack, but it's a non issue since these came bundled with the galaxy buds which are also phenomenal earbuds. 10/10 would recommend. Stop wasting for such a premium price on an iPhone when you can get this flagship for around the same price and be able to do so much more.
The best.What’s to say? It’s a Note 10. Of course it’s awesome. My wife loves it and says it does way more than she ever expected. Super fast charging is a plus. Puts my iPhone X to shame. Just wish this Note 10 had a microSD slot like the Note 10 Plus, which is the only negative I can find.
Great phone just came with a little scratch but good purchase.I've been using my galaxy note 10 for about a couple weeks now and I am satisfied with my purchase. Though there is a slight scratch on the screen, it's nothing that gets underneath my skin. I've been using a galaxy s7 for about three years now and I am just glad that I made the upgrade. My AKG headphones (that came with the note 10) stopped working about two weeks in so there's that too. Overall I am happy.
Awesome phone.Awesome phone, loving the features especially the camera; got the aura glow, color is just beautiful. Bought as a bundle where I got the Samsung earbuds and the Samsung power bundle, everything was just awesome.
Works at sprint !!GOOD AND WORKS FINE. Purchased and got here quickly. The box had no plastic wrap all over BUT it was scratch free brand new. I just connected it at my sprint account in store free of charge. So this works with CDMA !!!
Great Phone.This item was a gift. So far the user of this phone has not given any bad feedback. The item came as shown and it came with the Samsung ear buds.The notification sound and call sound is strong.Battery life is great.Enough storage.
Love it.Phone is amazing. Nothing else on the market compares to this. Not yet anyways
Fast, reliable. It works.Fast and responsive phone. Very good battery life. Good software. It works
Excelente producto!Lo utilizo para mi trabajo. Muy buena inversión. Me queda debiendo el detector visual.
Note 10 plus.Amenzing smartphone....thanks you...
The best.Amazing product really nice smartphone loved everything about it thanks
Excelente elección.Amo mi teléfono 😍😍😍
Ease of use.The Galaxy Edge is so far the easiest phone to use. It teaches me how to use applications I never thought of using. Worth the money.
Great buy.This is working great! I bought it for a Christmas gift for myself and I am in love with it. Perfect condition. It did not come in its original Samsung Galaxy Note Box, but it doesn't matter. I am using it and it works well
Best phone.Love it everything you expect from samsung and more
Muy bueno.Me llego en perfectas condiciones y llego muy rapido lo recomiendo mucho
Great upgrade from my S7.Time to upgrade and this is da bomb.  Very happy with it.  No idea on face recognition. Don't use that.
Amazing phone.Awesome product. I have nothing to complain.
Best phone ever!I am a happy samsung client and absolutely LOVE this phonw
Near perfect phone.Perfect phone except the fingerprint reader is terrible.
Nice upgrade from note 8.Great phone coming from a note 8
Amazing deal for Black Friday.Really good deal for an amazing phone
Does everything.Ive had notes 1-10 plus and this meets my expectations!
It's a real good phone.It's a real good  Phone
Love it!Love it!
Grate phone.Grate phone
telefono de calidad y especial.telefono de ultima generacion muy bonito y lo tematico le da un extra si eres fan o si te gusta algo diferente al resto
Beast.The phone that does all..
lo mejor.expectacular
Almost worth the money.Good phone, too pricey.
Nothing but the best.I'm a lover of Samsung..no other phone will do..best phone ever...
Great phone.Easy to use
Excellent.I like Everything about this Phone
Best upgrade decision I've ever made!Blown away.  I'm not new to Samsung Galaxy phones, but this is a major upgrade from my S5. LOVE the S Pen. This phone replaces my laptop and has already made my life easier in 1 week.  I'm very happy with the unlocked phone from Samsung through Amazon!!
Awesome Phone!I have really enjoyed this phone. Simple to use and has plenty of power for awesome pictures and plenty of hard drive to keep up. Plus being unlocked it gives me the ability to only have the stuff I want on it and not a bunch of garbage.
I hope they come out with better touchscreen that recognizes fingerprints no matter what.Every single screen protector that I bought cant recognized my fingerprints only on bear glass.
Amazing phone.This phone is awesome. Does so much more than other devices at the same price. Has excellent battery life. Takes amazing photos and videos. Would definitely recommend this phone.
10 star.Awesome and way cheaper than any mobile company
Recommend.I love it, the best smartphoneArrived perfectly
Best. Get it.Best phone I've ever owned. Love it.
Satisfecho.Buen producto. Pronta respuesta
(Samsung customer service question) : Trade in.Can I trade in the phone (Note 10) while it's still in the box unopened with the s11 when it gets released or not?Also I am not going to be in the US, will the US warranty given work outside the US if anything happens?
Worth the price!Such a beautiful phone! It's incredibly powerful and fast. Graphics and camera are both great. Definitely worth the price!
Like new was accurate.Description was accurate. Phone was like new with no scratches. Manufacturer warranty was still valid. Was able to put in a Verizon prepaid sim. Phone was found to be an unlocked AT&amp;T model.
Another great Samsung phone.I don't have much to say other than this is the best phone I've owned so far.
Excelente producto y atención. 100% recomendable.Excelente producto y atención. 100% recomendable
Well worth it.Love this phone. Upgraded from an s7 to this was awsome.
Excelente.Buen teléfono acordé a las necesidades que tengo en la vida diaria
Short review.I don't use the fingerprint reader nor the face recognition feature but the cell has been performing well so far
One of the best Android phone.Upgraded from s10+ and this was still a huge upgrade. Battery life is awesome and fast charging is noticeable. Screen is just spectacular. Buy this phone if it's in your budget!!!
Great phone even greater price.Worked perfectly one of the best phones of 2019
Awesome.Just awesome piece of machinery, this smartphone exceed every feature I was hoping it would have. I am loving it.
Excellent quality!Supreme quality,useful, magnificent feature!
One of the best phones!Overall, the Note 10 is a beautiful phone which will not cease to impress! It is extremely fast and has a superb camera also.
Monster.Beast.
Excellent phone.I love everything about the phone. Using the fingerprint scanner with a screen protection is difficult but other than that its perfection.
Lo mejor Amazon prime  #1.Me encantooooo bello Mi teléfono me llegó a tiempo y lo recomiendo es una hermosura gracias por todo gracias al vendedor y gracias Amazon prime. ❤❤❤❤❤
The dream phone.Super fast and responsive. Super fast charging. Gorgeous screen. I play COD mobile and it runs fantastic on this phone.
Really satisfying.I really like it
A very good phone all around.Loved the Note 10 plus, PRRIOD.
Love this phone.This is a great phone. Nice, long battery life. Great camera. I have no complaints.
Love this cellphone.1st time having a Samsung phone, love it
Excellent.Is very good
Satisfecho.Muy bonito,tiene buena fluidez,es lo mejor.
Bundle is cheaper.Good phone to buy it for your girlfriend.  It is very sturdy, define resolution and perfect prism color.  Perfect gift for girlfriend.
My favorite phone.Just the phone that I want!
Best Ever!Love the phone, it was a great bundle
A very good smartphone.The big screen and the quality of the image are greatThe Samsung Notes app was better in the Note 5
It's amazing but kinda expensive.It's great. Way better than my iphone X
Great but, too light.Great functionalities, but to light, could be just a little more heaviest to feels more premium...
Great Buy!!!Great buy! New in box with easy set up and activation! Came from a Note9, still think it was worth the upgrade. Loving it so far!
It's perfect.I love it!!!
Buy your phones on Amazon.Payment plan is much better than through service provider.
Love it!Really nothing more to say. I love this phone, exactly what I wanted.
Best phone I've ever had.Amazing
Great phone.Better than iphone by far
Great phone best deal.Great phone
Good phone.Good phone
Samung.The phone works great no problems when I recieved it and it came with the charger and the headphones
Surprisingly has good battery life.Fingerprint reader sometimes takes 2-3 attempts to work. I still need to test the face recognition.
Samsung needs to check to make sure everything is included in the box. Missing stilus.Missing the stilus.
Great deal.Best phone I’ve ever owned
Great, easy to use.Easy to use &amp; understand
Great phone.Love my  note 10 plus great phone
Love everything about this phone.Was in perfect condition when I recieved it and works perfect on sprint.
👍.👍
LOVE IT!Absolutely love this phone I love the picture quality and the videos are smooth
Samsung Galaxy phone.Best phones
Best mobile in 2019.Best phone you can buy in 2019. I just love it. The display feels like you are front of a tablet.
Better than expected.Great buy.
It’s a very good phone.Great phone and filled all my expectations.
Good.Good
My device came and it was all good 😊.I loved everything about this phone 👍🏿
Nice phone.Nice phoneSo far so goodLoooove the back rainbow color
Looks amazing.Great phone! Loved everything about it
Best phone I ever had.Sleek design. Keeps battery life a long time. Has all the functions I want.
Samsung is the Best!# 1 in Phones.
Simplemente  el mejor telefono!The best
Liberados de fabrica.Perfecto
Overall is great. Everything is perfect.Really The Best Phone Ever.The Beast!!
great phone.the camera shoots very well
Excelente compra, muy complacido.Excelente equipo y buena capacidad de almacenamiento.
Everything.Very good
highly recommended.super fast best phone i ever have
Better than iphone.Best phone ever
Fast phone but battery dies fast.Great Phone I got it on a good deal too!
😍😍.I love it!!!
Great!!Great phone
The best note phone ever.The best note phone ever
No microCD.I love it!
It's a gateway to abilities most consider unique.The force is strong with this phone.
This phone is a beast.I love everything about this phone
I love my new phone.The phone is in perfect condition
Great phone.It's great phone.
Bhhhhhhjjk.Bbjjjjjjj
..Great Phone
Buenísimo el teléfono lo recomiendo.Muy bueno
Even thinking.I like this fone
Ok.Ok
Samsung note 10plus.Si
Galaxy Note 10 plus.Great phone.
Recomiendo el vendedor.Excelente
world's best.best phone
Best Note to date.First off, let me say this is the 5th Note I have owned (2,4,8 and 9 previously).  I was horrified at the price ($1200), but the pre-order freebies took a little of the sting away.I can honestly say that besides the camera, there was little to no difference between the Note 8 and Note 9, and not REALLY worth the upgrade given the price.....The Note 10 on the other hand is a different story...it's worth upgrading from ANY previous note.I've had the phone 4 days so far, and amazed at how quickly it charges with the included 25W charger.  After setting it up, transferring files and playing with it for a few hours, I was able to go from 56% to 100% in 23 mins with the fast charger.  Battery life is better than my Note 9... I use my phone a lot, but am not on it all day, and haven't seen it dip below 70% so far (except for initial setup which is battery intensive).General speed of the phone is much snappier than my Note 9.  All I can say is that it feels more "fluid" than any other phone I've owned to date.  Gallery is lightning fast generating thumbnails and playing videos/viewing pictures....even from the SD card.  Sound seems to be louder than with the Note 9.Camera takes AWESOME video and stills.  Many new camera features I have not explored yet.Size of the Note 10+ is noticeably larger than the 9.  Which is great, for me at least.I have not tried out the fingerprint sensor yet, and when I do, will probably still stick with the facial recognition unlock...it's just so fast and effortless, I can't see adding the extra step of pressing a certain spot of the screen.S-Pen works great, and the "air write" mode is fantastic.  Again, many new features I have not explored yet.CONS:PRICE.  VERY expensive.  I'm not sure how long the promotion will last, but Samsung will give you $600 for a Note 9 trade in, which should be jumped on....getting THIS phone at $600 off with a trade in is a bargain.No old style headphone jack...which is not a con for me, as I have never used headphones with my phone, and if I ever did...I'm sure the included USB-C headphones would work just fine for me.  No replaceable battery...a feature not seen with Notes since the Note 4....I wish they would bring it back.  You have to pay extra for the even faster 45W charger.  Including a 25W charger vs the 45W charger is just a tease... but on the bright side, I read where charging your phone THAT fast greatly reduces the life of the battery.All in all, this phone feels like a major upgrade, where previous models felt like a minor upgrade.  This is a QUALITY phone top to bottom.  If you are looking to upgrade, all I can say is "pull the trigger".  DON'T get wrapped up in opinions on the net about how you should "wait for this phone" or "wait for that one".... I mean there will ALWAYS be newer, better features on EVERY newer model.... so if you are constantly waiting 6 months or a year for the newest "better phone"....you're never gonna have a new phone.  LOL  As a loyal Note user, this has to be the happiest I've been with a new model in quite awhile.
The Pros, Cons and Oks for Samsung Galaxy Note 10 (HR).Pros:__________· Compact design, almost bezeless display, feels extremely solid, and the design is purely top notch. Nothing else out there as of 2019.· The AMOLED display looks fantastic. I found it a joy when watching or reading anything from this screen.· I found the fingerprint reader to be very sensitive and quick.· The Aura Glow is something I honestly thought I would hate. But this rainbow effect is a beautiful look because you don’t see a rainbow but, depending on the angle of the phone, you only see one color. Look from a different angle I get a different color. Very creative and something new in a world of black and white phones.· The video editor is super easy to trim and add music to your clips. I did see that it does work with Adobe Premiere Rush, so that’s a big smile for all your move makers on the go. I will also say, using the pen is a lifesaver when you’re trying to trim seconds of a clip on a smartphone.· For a phone like this, battery life is very good. From 0-100% it only took an hour, and as an average phone user, a full day charge, with the 25-watt charging they provided, will bring my phone around 20% battery life left. Samsung has a 45 W charger than can cut the time in half of the charging, but you need to pay extra for that one. Still impressive.· The S Pen is shorter and thinner than it looks in person.· The Pen does an excellent job of converting my weak handwriting into a text. All you have to do is write your note, tap the text area, and press an onscreen “Convert” button. For English grammar, it worked flawlessly for me. I see the use of this feature if you need to take a quick note asap.· You can sync the Note 10 to your windows desktop (Dex mode). I haven’t tested this feature out, as you’ll need a USB-C to USB-C, but I do love that you have a mini laptop hard drive in your pocket. Just connect it to a computer and the phone will mirror its screen on to your monitor. I can see this super useful if you need to do presentations at work. Just put the PowerPoint file in your phone and connect it to your computer at work.· Another cool feature in the video making world for this phone is the “zoom-in mic” feature. If you don’t have an extension microphone, the phone will use the mics that it has, but not at the same time. When recording, it will the mics on the front of the phone to record your voice, making it clearer. And if you zoom in the mic sensitivity will increase, like having a boom mic. I didn’t test this fully as you’ll need to spend some time comparing this feature, but from basic video playback, the mics are spot on. Samsung is putting up its gain for anyone who wants to film.· Taking photos or videos in very difficult places, the S pen will be your best friend. You can begin filming, or taking, shots, by just clicking on the S pen. It’s a small feature, but I believe is one of the most useful to have.· The stabilization is excellent. I was just walking while filming, and it looks like the phone was on a wire. This is the best stabilization I’ve seen on a phone so far. Well done Samsung.· You have revers charging with this phone, which will, of course, kill your battery. But still, cool to have.· The AR Doodle feature is really cute if your taking photos with friends. I took a picture of just random people and this feature allows me to draw anywhere on the pic without destroying it. Using the pen, making hats and mustaches can make even boring pictures funny.· The Live Focus mode main function is to let you blur out the background. I did like this a lot because you can just block anyone in the background that doesn’t fit your “perfect” picture. It does work well if your object is focused before taking your shot.· The cameras are…well…there just great. Sharp, colorful, ultra-wide provides the same color profile/quality as close up zoom. The details that these cameras can provide is beyond words. I have nothing to say on the overall outcome a smartphone camera like this. It’s the top of the class until Google’s Pixel comes into play.· The sound is also great. It doesn’t come to any specific location, but rather throughout the phone. Samsung built the volume deep in the phone so it can go everywhere, are you will never cover it with your hands. Loud and crisp (no base though).· Playing games like Alto’s Odyssey had no issues other than getting noticeably warm after 40 minutes, which makes sense for that power. Also thanks to the support of UFS 3.0 specification, you’re going to get faster loading times (This was hard to test how much of an impact it has on the phones day-to-day activities, but all I can say is that I had little to none loading time).Cons and Oks:__________· It’s the end. No more headphone jack. Bringing so much joy and now Samsung’s closest ally has let it go.· The night mode is good, but it’s still nowhere compared to phones like Google. Samsung has yet to master the night mode shots as their system is to up the ISO and slow the shutter speed. They did up there game, but it’s still not enough to get great night shots. I’m overall getting a busy shot and using the telephoto and ultra-wide lenses are both useless at night.· No microSD card slot on the Note 10.· The ultra-wide sometimes creates a fisheye effect. You will see this effect more if there are some bright/mixed colors at the end of your pictures (like a tree or a building with windows). I did notice that I got a slight bend at the way end of my pictures, which makes the image look weird. The solution I found was just to crop the image. I hope software updates will fix this.· With a group of people walking in the background, there were times that the phone had a hard time trying to get focused on the person I was taking. This happens when trying to use the regular and telephoto lenses.· The telephoto lenses tend to over sharpen my images. Taking a close pic of a rose I saw this issue come up. Now for a regular person, this is no issue at all, but for a photographers eye, you’ll see this.· Be warned, get a case. An all-glass design makes writing with the pen a slippery task. I felt more concern holding the phone than what I was writing, so I knew this a must-have case.· You can only write short notes with the pen. I notice that you can’t even write a full sentence on a single line if you wanted the phone to convert your writing into a text.· 45-watt charger cost extra.· The front-facing camera is…well, it’s a front-facing camera. Nowhere near as good as the back, but good enough for having meetings.· Samsung’s keyboard is horrible to use. If you get this download Gboard, it’s the best in smartphone keyboards.· The ultrasonic fingerprint sensor is fast, but even the tiniest dirt on your finger, it makes the process a little slower. Nothing really impressive on this if your hands are sweaty or dirty.· I hate the fact that you have to go to your notifications to shut down the phone. Holding the power button activated Bixby, you can change this if you want. To be honest, Bixby isn’t the best around, so I’ll always change it.· The S pen Air Actions are a neat little tool to use, but I saw more as an accessory than a tool. I didn’t feel the need to use this feature, but it does work. It also does take some practice to get the hang of it but it’s irrelevant for the day to day use.· The battery drains at a pretty consistent rate. The beauty of the device is the screen, but it’s the most that kills the battery.· Every single space on this phone is a fingerprint magnet.· This phone does have a little more weight than your average smartphone.Bottom Line:__________Samsung is putting the stops in making this a phone for filming. With an almost bezel-less display, an excellent video editing program, and a great battery life, the theory is supported. I admire the premium layout of this phone as the S-pen is very fun to use (but not yet a priority in daily use), the screen is just beautiful, and the system as a whole is excellent.There are some issues with the cameras on this phone, like the “night mode” inaccurate pictures, and I also wish they moved the front-facing camera to the side like before (even though the little black camera is small, it’s still noticeable.). But the honest truth is that I really have nothing super negative about it. Some small issues are there, but I know software updates will fix these problems, or at least I hope they can.Overall: A phone enjoyed for everyone, but built for those who want to film.Hope I was a help to you.Love,Honest Reviewer
Samsung Note 10+ at Best Buy for $699 unlocked if purchasing in-store. No carrier required!Best Buy has the phone for $699 unlocked for in-store purchase which you can use with any carrier in the US. When purchasing unlocked, you have more control over the phone such as apps that are factory installed. The unlocked phone also gives you better advantage for no contracts with some carriers. Overall for price, Best Buy saves you $200 instantly when purchased in-store. Amazon is overpriced! With Amazon, to get the best deal, you would have to apply for their Amazon Prime credit card and get a $60-$100 when you open a credit card and then even after purchasing with the credit card, they give you a 20% off on top of that which still cost more. If you have an Amazon credit card already, the $60-$100 off does not apply as it is only for new card members.This is a awesome phone with great features! Definitely can't beat the camera and some upgrades. This phone has 12gb RAM, 256gb of storage, and many other quality specs which can handle most likely anything like multitasking with many apps open at the same time. Overall for the quality, a great phone to have and will last long like many other Samsung Note phones have.
Literally amazing- buy it, don't think twice.First off, this thing is enormous. It has a massive 6.8" 3040x1440 OLED display that is simply stunning. The clarity, color, contrast, everything is perfect and it actually reminds me of what the giant OLED tvs by LG and Samsung look like in terms of those things.I'm much of a tech collector and my phone before this one was the LG G8 ThinQ. It has the same chipset as this phone yet, this one is so much faster. I mean it literally scored almost 50,000 points higher on AnTuTu for me.The battery life is fantastic. The battery isn't massive and it's certainly not the biggest out there but with some background app restrictions in place it will easily go a whole day of medium use with battery to spare.The cameras are great, I think the main shooter on the G8 was slightly better but this phone has 3 of them. Main, wide, and telephoto. The telephoto lens is really fun to play with and can make some awesome shots.The build seems very solid. Even though LG's high end phones are often made using military grade durability tests, I feel safer with this in my hand than I did with the G8.As I said, the display is massive, color accurate, and sharp. Streaming media on it is a surreal experience. You're close to the screen size of a small tablet but can still hold it in one hand. I watch Netflix, YouTube, and stream my PC to it via nvidia gamestream. (Also, if you get at&amp;t's unlimited elite plan, you get HBO GO included 😉)The only gripe I have with this monstrosity is that it has no headphone jack. I suppose there is room for understanding with the regular note 10 but this thing is massive and on the bottom near the call microphone I'd say there is room for a jack. I use wired headphones because they simply sound better. You can't get better quality than a hard connection. If you also use wired headphones I suggest a HiFi Bluetooth headphone amp such as the FiiO BTR3, which is what I use.You know you want it. Buy it. I'm broke now but I'm not complaining. Bad financial decisions keep life alive :)
Best note ever.Great device battery life is amazing 2 days without having to charge the device. Great camera. The Screen looks outstanding
Sorry I bought the S 10+ missed this.Excellent, Beautiful, great features. is this 5G I want a 5G Samsung
All about the note 10 plus!!Best phone on the market as of now. Fest phone. Best camera. Long battery life. Amazing look. Basically it's an all in one. you got everything you need in that phone ❗❗❗✅✅✅✔️✔️✔️
Best Samsung Phone Ever.Amazing Screen, Battery Life, S Pen, Fast Charge  I have this phone for 2 weeks just love it.  Samsung got it right get it &amp; you will be happy
Bought it to take selfies.5 stars, superb selfie camera as you can see
Good Smartphone.Very good product. Very nice and very beautiful.
Nice package.Nice
Universal File Storage 3 is FAST.The Note 10+ may be the best phone ever...  and not for the reasons you think!The Note 10+ has UFS 3.0, a first for Samsung and this thing flies!  Universal Flash Storage 3 is not only over 2 times the old standard (2.1=1200 MB/s vs 3.0=2900 MB/s) but it also has lower power consumption.  So far app and game launches are blazing fast.Time will tell, but with these whopping storage options, 12GB of Ram and 4300mAh battery, this beast is going to keep going and going!And when you need to charge it, Fast Charge has you covered.  HOWEVER, for even faster charging, get a super amped USB-C charger (87w/90w).  I’ve got one for my laptop (ordered from Zon) and it feeds the Sammy 10+ faster than the included adapter.When my Note was at 75%, the Samsung stock adapter showed 41 minutes to full charge.When I hooked it up to my USB-C brick charger, it stated 36 minutes but was done in 33!  (I was not using the phone at the time).  So if you want faster you can get it.Wireless charging worked great, with and without a few cases I tested, along with my magnetic chip insert, it didn’t get in the way.In the box:-Phone-USB-C Charger with 3ft cable-USB-C AKG Headset (sounds fab, rubber like cords near ear and mic, soft braided cord going into the phone)-Extra Ear nubs (S/M/L)-Some documents which in the picture you will find a key one...The Note 10+ Unlocked comes with a screen protector!  What a great surprise.  It’s always a challenge getting good EDGE coverage on a 3rd party glass or skin.  This one is tight.  I wouldn’t have known right away had it not included the paper telling me so.  I’ve included some pics (with some dust to show contrast hah).  Over the top couldn’t be happier with the phone so far.You have camera and fingerprint sensor embedded in the screen as advertised, but also a hidden top speaker.  With the bottom and top speakers going the phone presents quite well.Be sure to turn on Dolby Atmos in the toggle section right away to get the hidden speaker to perform even better.I’ll post in comments if I have any more revelations (or insight to testing DEX software integration) or if you have questions, something you want me to check out, let me know!
BLACK FRIDAY!!What a great phone!!  I don't think it's worth $950, I mean no phone is...but the current Black Friday deal for $750 + Samsung Galaxy Buds means this was totally worth it. No 2k display or MicroSD expandable storage compared to the Note 10+, and a smaller battery.  Even at its normal price, 256gb is very generous considering what Apple charges for 64gb. This smaller Note 10 easily fits in my hand, and my pockets, compared to most phones these days. Had several updates waiting, and this is on the November '19 security patch. Android 10 has been confirmed to drop in January 2020 for the Note 10's, so bonus there!  Excellent phone with top of the line specs, so don't hesitate if you're on the fence ... try and get it on a deal whenever possible, cause who wants to pay close to $1k these days!!!
This is the phone you want.This phone is amazing!! I'm still learning all the features but for what I've learned and used so far I'm very happy. The camera's are absolutely fantastic great picture quality and the video features are awesome as well. I am still trying to get used to not having any buttons on the right side of the phone and having to go through the dropdown menu to shut the phone off, but I'm getting better at it. Let's talk battery, the battery life on this thing is insane, I can charge the phone to 100% use it all day, video's, music and normal web browsing and social media and by the time I'm home for the day it has only dropped to around 68% to 74%!! With the fast charging accessories that came with it, the phone charges from 0% to 75% in just over 35 minutes  and fully to 100% in just over an hour and 15 minutes. Well worth the investment. Storage is definitely not a problem with a staggering 256GB with the possibility of up 1TB!! I love this phone and am so glad I purchased it, if you are still trying to decide, stop trying, just buy it you won't regret it
Awesome new Note with a couple caveats!Really happy I got both the 256gb option and the Aurora glow which was previously only available through Samsung only. Saved me over $400.Pros: camera has lots of new functions greatly improved over my sgs 9+ like 3D scanner (needs app download), live focus video, Ar doodle finally and zoom in audio for those that like added video options. Lastly the battery life is a big plus with the 4300mAh battery.Cons: keyboard sensitivity greatly changed over previous Samsung products so takes a while to get used to. Prepare for a lot of typing errors and misspellings. **really miss the 3.5mm audio jack. And to make matters worse, only a digital headset will work when connected into the C port. You cannot use splitters to share with a friend while watching video unless ots digital $$$. No more gas station or tjmaxx walmart replacement Jack's for those last minute moments you realize you left your samsung headsets at home.
Fantastic Premium Android Phone.As a long-time user of off-brand or not-quite flagship phones, I have truly enjoyed the "premium" build quality and feature set for the Samsung Galaxy Note 10+. I have come close to buying a previous note generation several times in the past, but never pulled the trigger. I feel like waiting for this generation was a good point for me to buy in with the screen-to-body ratio making the phone seem much more manageable (I have medium hands) than the screen spec might suggest. I find myself using the s-pen most when trying to get things done away from desktop or iPad Pro w/ keyboard. Its great to facilitate productivity and I like to type with it using the swipe keyboard feature.  Can you get a better value somewhere else? Sure, I did for years. Can you get a better big android phone? Probably not with exactly this feature set. I'd recommend if budget is not a huge factor and/or you plan on holding on to your next phone for a few years. YMMV, but I enjoy my new note.
Beautiful phone.I just got this phone. So far I love it, the colors are so clear and vibrant!  I can't wait to use the camera, what little I've done with it is amazing.  I've had several Samsung phones and for the most part they have been awesome. Even though they did away with the headphone jack you can still use headphones if the cord has the c end on it.  Or with bluetooth headphones. The samsung earbuds that came with the phone are awesome too.  The Note 10 + is a beautiful large phone.  Not a phone to fit in your pocket.
Great value by Amazon Warehouse.Samsung Galaxy Note 10+ Plus Factory Unlocked Cell Phone with 256GB (U.S. Warranty), Aura Black/ Note10+Sold by: Amazon.com Services, IncCondition: Used - Very Good - Item will come in original packaging. Packaging will be damaged.Order SummaryItem(s) Subtotal:$764.99Shipping &amp; Handling:$0.00Amazon Warehouse:-$153.00Total before tax:$611.99Estimated tax to be collected:$52.02Grand Total:$664.01For this amount of money, this is a steal! The phone came in PERFECT condition, in spite of being sold as Used. Even the plastics were on it, the first buyer did not take them off. No complaints whatsoever, so happy to get this deal. $500 off of MRSP $1100. Thanks Amazon.My only complaint is the gimmicky fingerprint reader. I'm using it with the factory screen protector and it still functions 50% of the time. Face recognition works good though, just looking at my phone instead of bothering with the fingerprint reader. However it's a pain in the back if you need to unlock the password vault or wallet...
Great experience with my new phone.I was  skeptical about buying the phone from Amazon.  Phone arrived in perfect condition. I was able to transfer my SIM card from my old phone  with no problem and the phone was $200 cheaper than  my mobile phone carrier.  I also appreciate that I was able to purchase a protection plan through Amazon. I am very pleased with my purchase!
Computer in your hand.this is an early review and I reserve the right to change it and probably will I've only had the phone for a couple days now but I'm absolutely amazed by everything so far and think it was worth every penny
Could not get Straight Talk connection.Let me say that basically, I liked this phone.  I have an older Samsung Note 3, and I had no problems transferring all my data to the Note 10, which was contacts, phone numbers, pictures, etc.  However, I did have issues with getting this phone on the Straight Talk network.  I have a Note 3, and simply wanted to transfer my number &amp; all info to the new phone.  Easier said than done.  After many hours on the phone, and a visit to Walmart, still no resolution.  I went online to order a new sim card &amp; contract (that I didn't need), and their website would not complete the purchase.  So I have returned the Note 10.  Let me add, this phone does not have a headphone jack, so you can't use an aux cable to stream music to your radio.
Great phone for professionals!I got the phone around Thanksgiving . I switched from a Google pixel 2 and I love the new 10+. It has a great battery life of around 24-30 hours with my usual usage of emails, music steaming, browsing etc. The fingerprint reader is slower than the pixel's but works well none the less. I love the high storage capacity on the phone which allows me to work on the go while editing word docs as well as PowerPoints. The screen is huge and has a very good resolution that really pops when you watch HD videos. I am ambivalent about the camera given that I was using the Pixel series. Don't get me wrong, the camera is good, but probably could be better. My photos are not professional (just random shots -family, pets, etc.) And it works well for them. I do like the love focus mode and the night mode (night-light from pixel) is also pretty decent.From a professional standpoint, I think this phone blows most of the other phones away with it's specs and capabilities. I forgot my laptop at home one day and I used Dex to get all my work done (used my Mac's USB C to HDMI+USB C+USB adapter to connect to keyboard, mouse, charger, and monitor). Worked like a breeze. I have the Samsung S3 tab so I was familiar with the S pen. Although I do not use it as much as I thought I would but it still is a nice piece to have when I am taking notes or want to draw over a photo or diagram.Honestly, I would recommend this phone to professionals. Admittedly this is an expensive phone but it is well worth the dollar amount if you are looking for a professional device that can take on not just the normal work load but go above and beyond what other phones do.
The Best of the Best.This is a beautiful and premium slab of intelligent glass...Lots of android flagship aspire to be better than the Note 10+...unfortunately, they all manage to do one or two things slightly better than the 10+ but not a singlr one can do as many things as excellently as the Note 10+ does!!!the removal of the headphone jack is completely inconsequential...please ignore all those reviews that try to make a mountain out of the absence of the 3.5mm jack....the USB audio headset is a lot better in terms of quality sound deliveryThe S Pen is better than ever
Impressive phone.While the phone is impressive! Its speed, the pictures everything is great! but... the battery already started to last me less and less. I've been using the phone for about two months now and now battery lasts at least 4 hours less... while this is expected I was hoping it started happening not so soon... but meh... technology...
Expensive but probably worth it.The display on the Note 10+ is phenomenal. It is the star of the show. If you watch a lot of video or play games, this would be a great selection. It's the biggest phone I've had. I was worried about carrying it, but has not been a problem. The camera is really good. People are accusing me of downloading pics and claiming them, but they are really from this phone. The fingerprint sensor is hit or miss. Face unlock is way more reliable. I was not excited about paying this much for a phone, but in the end, I am very happy with the purchase and would buy it again if something happened to this one.
Awesome Phone Galaxy Note 10+.Incredible phone! I had a Note 5 for 4 years. It served me well. The Note 10+ is an amazing phone. Size makes typing easier. Speed is fantastic and battery life is great. Having the micro sd card makes it so you don't have to limit apps or pictures or anything. With my old phone I had to look out and delete stuff all of the time.I have not complaints about the phone yet and highly recommend it to anyone looking for an upgrade.
Perfect in Almost Every Way.This is the best phone I have ever had so far. It is a huge step up from the S7 Edge (what I upgraded from) and is spectacular. Huge screen, super fast, sleek and beautiful design, and it fits my lifestyle perfectly. If I were to have one gripe, it would be the refresh rate. With a phone so perfect, it feels like a *little* bit of a letdown to not have a better refresh rate. Overall though, I love this phone.
Buy it.Bought this for my mother.She said she loves it. It comes with a perfectly installed screen protector which is awesome. Battery life is amazing. And my mother loves how fast and smoother it is compared to the previous notes.I will update if anything happens to the phone.
Happy with the upgrade.I've had my note 3 for years and upgraded to this 10+,  I would have kept my note 3 but my most used/important apps would NOT update any longer so I was forced to upgrade but I'm glad I did, it doesn't disappoint. The only complaints are the curved screen, all covers peel up on the sides and unlike the note 3 I can't remove the battery if it needs a new one
In love.Switched from team iPhone and so far do not miss it! Beautiful phone, inside and out. The battery life is amazing, don't have to charge until the next morning! I have small hands, so I assumed the big screen would be an issue, but with a pop socket it's totally fine.
Llego bien, la cajeta algo golpeada.Llego bien. Esperaba mas de los materiales de la caja y accesorios pero el celular una belleza. El empaque me preocupo es un articulo caro y no lo envuelven en burbuja, la caja llego golpeada pero por suerte el celular intacto.
Great.Very nice product I lke it
Always Loved  Note.Love this phone. I previously owned a Note but switched to S10 Plus. Although nice, I’m glad I’m back to Note.  Still learning it but getting connected was a breeze.
Great Phone!It's a great phone overall. i don't really have a use for the pen aspect of it. but it's a really neat when i tried it out.Love this phone! great upgrade from my S8.
LOVE at first sight...Now that all the glitches are worked out, it's AMAZING!!! SUPER fast, and beautiful screen.
Great device !I had no idea that you could actually talk to people with this thing … I thought it was just a camera !
brand new phone for grt price.just got my phone activated today.  super clear n eaay to activate at verizon w zero issues thus far.
Best phone ever.Is the best phone ever, perfect size, amazing camera
Samsung Best.Great screen, battery life, and performance.
Perfect phone.Great phone. Would buy again.
Great Phone!!!Luv the phone. Arrived ontime. The only issue was the shipping box. No protection at all. But did arrive with no issue s. Thanks Amazon.
Worth the price.A flagship phone is expected to have high end specs. The Galaxy Note 10 + delivers.
Love it.Wow, great phoneI've just skimmed the surfaceSo many improvements
The best smart phone.The best smart phone
Precise pen to use,and other useful functions.Awesome phone
Note 10+.Very nice phone, they should have put a headset place but looks good,
Great!All good!
The best.Best phone out there.
My first note and I love it.Love this phone
Maravilloso!!Love it!!
Insanely great.First I didn’t get the phone through Amazon, I upgraded on my carrier plan, which is Sprint. First impressions, it is just a great looking phone and while it is a large phone, smaller than expected. There’s very little to complain about other than of course the cost but it is what it is and depends on how you view it.COST- It isn’t cheap in any sense but is coming down after being out a bit. However if you take into account the the base 256gb memory and 12gb RAM, it’s not that bad. This is one of if not the highest base memory phones you can get. Then you can still add more with a micro-sd card, getting it to about 1TB (accounting for phone’s needs). The other flagship offerings start at lower memory and most don’t offer additional memory in the way of cards. 12gb of RAM is huge, got look at any laptop and see the amount. I think my laptop only has 8b, which is a couple years old but does begin to struggle. Now this isn’t exactly the same thing but when you account for the pen and office programs it gets pretty close.SIZE- It’s big but is it really? Compared to an older Nexus 6, not really. In my opinion it’s just long, the width really isn’t that bad. Then add in how slim it is and the overall package feels and looks smaller than the largest iPhone. I don’t have large hands but can still easily navigate the screen one handed. This could be that I’m used to larger phones, so if you’re coming from a smaller one, it may be a learning experience. A good example is my friend has an iPhone 7+ with an OtterBox, we both thought the Note felt smaller and easier to navigate, which has the slim OtterBox case on it. It again boils down to how thin the phone is.BATTERY- Crazy good, is the best description. I can charge it and play games do whatever and it lasts pretty much all day. Then when it gets to 20%, slap it on the supplied charger and in about 30 mins. it’s full. Wireless charging is pretty fast as well and I honestly have just a cheap wireless car charger. The main thing to note is to use medium power settings, night mode all the time, and pay attention to screen brightness. I found this keeps the phone fast but doesn’t drain it. It has several options for power control to use.Then pen works great, the cameras are really nice, it will save as RAW if wanted. Now it does lack a few things such as headphone jack, the newer 90hz screen and could have gone to the newer chip 855+. The jack I don’t miss as I have been using iPhones and easily felt the trade off for a micro-sd is worth it, plus they do provide a set of headphones. I haven’t used them as I use Shure’s Bluetooth ones.The 90hz screen is kind of a nag but battery life is going to be better with the 60hz. I don’t think you’ll notice unless you have been using a 90hz screen. The same can be said on the newer chip, battery life may be better with what it has, and it is super speedy.In the end though, if you have a note 9, you really don’t need to swap yet. I actually was going to go 9 until my carrier offered a deal. The 9 would have actually cost more, so I went 10+ after trying the note 10.
Great performance, and check for some extra features in the box.Random note: not sure if it's a different model or international one or what, but my Note 10 + box also came with a provided clear case as well in the box with the SIM ejection tool. Maybe double check that to see if you get one as well bc I have not seen anyone else posting this!User interface: I'm currently still testing it out, but I previously had the Pixel 2xl which is still great in all aspects for today's phone tech environment. I loved the simple ui and design of the Pixel and the bare Android experience as well as the icons, so I was hesitant to get this phone bc I did not like the Samsung ui, bixby, or the bloat. However, after getting the phone using it about two weeks now, I can say it's not too bad. They provide a lot of customization with the Samsung themes so I was able to change up the icons and a lot of pre-downloaded apps can be uninstalled if you don't need or want it.Battery life: 5 stars. Great battery life and the extra fast charging is really quick with the in box cable and adapter. Wireless charging is also pretty good, though I haven't used it too much, only to test it with my 24000mah battery pack that had wireless capabilities. Note that I am not using the maximum display resolution. I'm using the default FHD as I feel I need the battery life more than the full display resolution capability this phone can handle.Screen: 4.5 stars. Vibrant. I docked it a half just because it's almost too vibrant and saturated, even when put on normal or natural settings. Example, was playing some games to test it out and the reds were just way too saturated and bright. It actually hurt my eyes a bit bc it made everything else so washed out and it was just bright glaring red. I had to double check to make sure I wasn't in the saturated display mode and it wasn't. This might not be a problem with others but for me it was something highly noticeable and wished there was a way to tone it down a bit. However, I do know Samsung has always had more saturated displays. Otherwise than this minor thing however, everything else is quite beautiful and good.Processing: 5 stars. Videos, gaming and just all around application use and processing is fantastic so far. The ram is huge and it handles many things very well. I can have about 10 apps open and not worry about it refreshing in the back ground. My pixel 2xl was starting to get old and dated and would begin to constantly refresh and restart everything even if I just left it in the background for a small bit and returned to it. This may be subject to change as I get more use, data and applications on the phone but so far it's very good and everything is super smooth.Camera: 4 stars. Haven't tested it thoroughly, but so far the pictures are nice. The default camera app has a lot of different modes and features that make full use of the camera. The Pixel line of Google in my opinion has had some of the most amazing camera quality so this phone has a lot to live up to in that aspect for me. I will continue testing this as I go.
Upgraded from Note 5 - wow!**BLUF: I'm reviewing the Xfinity Mobile's version, of Samsung's Note 10+/512GB (Model #SM-N975UZKEC), Aura Black.  The Best Buy version of the same phone (Model #SM-N975UZKEXAA) did NOT work on Xfinity Mobile's network.**I'm a fan of the Note series. My last phone was the Note 5 and it did it's job for 4yrs. Sadly, the battery dies fairly quickly now. Upgrade time: staying with the best Android hardware, Samsung. Best Note is the 10+/512GB. That's what I bought and went with Xfinity Mobile (using their version of the 10+, SM-N975UZKEC). It's fast as heck and with the 12GB RAM, it has no issues or slow downs. My old Note 5 had 64GB storage, which I banged up against a couple of times. This monster has 512GB of storage. The stylus is a bit smaller than the Note 5, but it has better functionality.My service is Xfinity Mobile which is basically a reseller of Verizon with the added benefit of hitting all the xfinity hotspots if cellular is an issue. It is not 5G, but it's not available to me anyway (or for awhile). The GREAT thing about using Xfinity's Note? The did not install a bunch of Candy-Crushed-Bird-Verizon-Crap apps that you can't get rid of. Seriously, 2 apps "My Account" and "Stream" were installed.Overall, I'd recommend this to adults - not to your kids. Get them a name branded cheap phone and you keep this flagship monster.
Small nuances but overall great phone!!Love the phone as a whole.  I tuned off animations and it made a huge difference, mostly with certain apps like outlook and youtube. The fingerprint reader works ok but not great. It's the slowest thing on the phone imo coming from the note 9 with the reader on the back which was way faster.The power/lock button being on the left side took me awhile to get use to but I'm glad the buttons are all on one side now. You have a flat surface if you want to use the level feature. The bezels are almost completely gone which makes movie experience much more immersive and the speakers are some.of the loudest on any smartphone I've had. So loud in fact the vibration form the speakers slightly make the phone rumble. Some people don't like that but I love it.Camera is amazing. Night mode is slow somewhat annoying having to hold steady for such a long time allowing the shutter to let light in.Overall it feels good in the hands, note taking is on point (pun intended) and the battery lasts all day. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone.
An amazing phone but few issues.I got the ROS edition for Christmas and its an amazing phone, here are the pros and consPROSReally long battery lifeReally fast fingerprint scannerFast facial recognitionNice looking phoneThe S-pen is fast and is accurateThe colors are niceCharges extremely fastAnd you can record your screen from the pull down barConsFingerprint scanner doesnt recognize your whole finger like the s9 seriesLags a lot in high performance modeSometimes just glitches out for some reasonMy wifi just doesnt work with this phone for some reason
